Vampire Crawlers. Uh, this is from
Ponull, the developer of Vampire
Crawlers, and it is their new deck
builder rogue light, and I am so [__]
excited. I have not played the demo, but
I have no idea what this entails.
I'll probably be asked for a bit. We'll
just go from there, guys.
Let me uh let me move my model real
fast.
Hopefully y'all can see everything like
there. Okay. 40 damage in crit. Crit has
a chance to do multiply damage.
Okay.
Okay. So, we have a map down here. So,
we can go left, it looks like. Okay.
40 damage. Okay.
King Bible deal 40 damage with a chance
to knock back. Okay, take that.
Ooh, an item.
Combo stack. Play cards in ascending
mana cost order for a combo multiplier.
Oh, okay. Cool. Cool. So, we have our
mana over here. And if you play them in
order, you get a combo. Okay. Very cool.
So, we probably want to go knife.
Deal 80 damage with a chance to knock
back.
Oh, [__] yeah.
Wait. This is [__] awesome, man.
Nice
team viable.
Huge.
Okay, we got the axe for two mana. Deal
45 damage to multiple enemies with a
chance to knock back. Oh yeah, let me
change my category. I got you. Thank
you, bro. Uh, vampire crawlers.
Hell yeah.
We are not just chatting anymore, guys.
We are vampire crawling. Okay, so I got
two mana. So, we'll go knife
and then we go king Bible.
We just keep rocking this, man. Easy,
easy, easy.
Spinach might deal 10% more damage.
What does might entail? What's the
What's the percentage on that?
Oh, cool. Okay. Upgraded mana pool. Now
we got three.
Wait, bro. I'm kind of [__] with
this. Might deal 10% more damage.
Oh, no. Sorry. Sorry. Might deal 10%
more damage. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay, got it.
We go knife spinach. Boom.
It might as in strength. Right, right,
right, right, right, right, right.
So, this is going to stack. No.
Boom.
I'm out of mana. Okay,
bro. We keep stacking this [__] man.
Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool,
cool, cool. Wait, this this this is
going to go kind of hard, man.
Okay,
so they're coming in for five.
We get the We get the combo, though. We
want to go knife, spinach, then axe,
right?
So, it's a 3x multiplier. What? Sorry.
What do we get for the 3x multiplier? Is
it just more damage? Deal 60 damage
burns enemies after this turn.
Oh, it's free to play. Okay. Oh, is that
the 3x multiplier?
Card won't consume any mana when played.
Okay, knife king Bible.
Let's go.
Thank you, Crawler. But the vampire is
in another coffin. Okay,
we got Antonio. All right, [__] yeah,
dude. All
right, let's keep going.
Okay, we got the town hall track our
unlocks. See what we got. Yeah, I know.
Excuse me. I noticed it changes the uh
the damage counter. That's nice.
Excuse me. Choking on my own saliva.
World map settings unlocks. Okay. Cool.
Cool.
All right. Sick.
Uh, don't really need to change anything
in my settings. Let's go.
Okay. Once a thriving haven, now a
dumping ground for evil. A vampire is
said to be the roots of this evil. But
we can find only mayhem and roast
chicken. Let's go, boys.
Maybe we clear out this bottom first. I
don't think we're not limited by like
movement, are we?
Okay.
Add three armor.
Crawler deals 10 deal 10% more damage
when a red card is played. Duration
triggers five time. Okay. So, we'll get
10% more damage when we play the whip.
Okay.
>> To your aid.
>> We'll play Antonio.
Then we play the whip
>> and then armor.
Boom.
Okay. Hey, now we get to choose. Okay,
sick. Deal 30 damage. Prioritize
attackers. Deal 40 damage with a chance
for knockback. Deal 40 damage crits. And
these are red attacks, right? So, we'll
get the Antonio buff. Um,
prioritize attackers. I mean, that's
kind of nice.
40 damage in a crit.
40 damage with a chance to knock back.
What do y'all want to go for? Increase
your luck for a chance to get four
choices. Okay, cool. Cool. Let's uh
let's go for
like maybe prioritizing attackers would
be nice.
King Bible for the combo. Yeah, it's not
a bad idea either. And it's 40 and a
knock back.
Okay.
You're a god-loving man. Okay, we'll go
King Bible. We'll go King Bible. Ain't
nothing wrong with that.
Okay, let's go back down here.
Clear all this out.
Okay, so we got our king Bible. We got
armor. So, we want to go armor,
spinach, and Bible.
Oh, run into the light sources. Oh,
okay. Okay. Okay. Go
[__] go like these uh fire sources
right here, dude. Oh my god. Thank you.
Appreciate that, guys.
So, they're coming in for five.
Is there a way to see how much health
they have?
>> Well,
hell [__] yeah.
Oh [__] Okay. Okay. So they have five
armor coming in for three.
We go Antonio three armor whip
>> armor
whip spinach king Bible.
Oh no dude. This is this is about to be
too fun guys.
I'm kind of [__] with I feel like
spinach is just kind of nice for the
combos.
Feel like I'm gonna go more spinach,
man. It's like a nice like a little one
to have. Uh I know I missed some fire.
Okay,
let's take this guy from behind.
Okay.
They're coming in for three. So, I'm
going to go armor
finish with
took one one hits. That is the last time
that's going to happen.
>> Welcome team Bible.
Nah, bro. This is a good idea for a
game. Um, maybe let's take on the side
before we do the elite.
All right, they're coming in for three.
Let's armor up.
King Bible.
Boom.
Wait. So, sorry. I'm I'm dumb. What am I
getting from doing the combos again?
Like the the mana cost order.
>> Stronger.
>> All right, we got the elite. Now, the
yellow values on the cards get a bonus.
Just boost damage. Okay. Okay. Sick.
Six. Six. Six. All right. Let's go.
>> I say
>> Okay. I see. I see. Okay. It it it shows
the the change after I press it. Okay.
Sick. Sick.
Um maybe we take another Bible.
We get a free Bible.
Beautiful. Beautiful.
Okay. I I I really like that. So,
they're coming in for four. We go armor.
We go king Bible.
All right. Now we got the big boy. Play
that. Get our damage. We got 70% damage
now. Um, let's go. Spinach
Bible.
Just like that. All right. He's coming
in for two. We go. Antonio,
>> we got enough armor for the attack, so
we just go whip. Whatever. Boom.
And now we will go.
I feel like we'd probably get more if we
just go out of order this time.
>> Okay, chat. Am I blind? Is there a way
to see their health?
Am I blind? Am I blind or or [__]
stupid?
Let's go.
Oh no, there's no way to see their
health. Okay. Okay. You just kind of got
to feel it out.
What do y'all think here? Will we take
some more Bible?
Think you can only see if you're going
to kill. Oh, okay. Sick. Sick. Red
damage number seems to mean it will be
fatal. Okay, cool. Red. Got it. Got it.
Got it. I can definitely definitely see
that and I definitely will see that.
We'll go Bible. Can't go wrong with
Bible.
All right, let's get our item.
All right, the gem hammer unlocks the
ability to add gems to cards, find gems
in chess, or when leveling up. Very
cool.
Very cool.
It's twice as hard. Double damage. Oh,
so we can leave or cash out to get 200
coins. I'm taking this, man. Got to get
rid of one. Oh, we socket a gem into one
of these. Okay, sick. We'll go into the
Bible. This is like a upgrade in Slay
the Spire. Sick.
Very sick.
Uh, you know what? Let's go to this uh
question mark first.
Okay.
Armor spinach whip.
>> Welcome
whip. Boom.
All right. I'm down eight health. I'm
not sure if there's a way to heal, but
we'll find out. Yo,
we love more mana.
We love mana ramping. And there we go.
We got the heal. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Okay, we got to send out our boy
Antonio.
I mean, we we love Antonio. Okay, I saw
I saw the uh the fatal hit there. We'll
go armor and we go King Bible upgraded
socketed. Oh. Oh, yes.
I feel like I mean I guess it's just at
the risk of losing some HP with these
fights, but like feel like we want to
clear these out now.
All right, we go. Armor King Bible.
Wait,
get that exp, baby.
Grandpa, I'm tired of vampire crawling.
WELL, THAT'S TOO DAMN BAD.
YOU'RE GOING TO KEEP CRAWLING.
Armor Bible. Let's [__] go. THAT'S
TOO DAMN [__] BAD.
Whip Bible.
Ah, dude. The Bible's strong, dude.
Bible strong.
I like this old school vibe of uh
dungeon crawling, though. This is This
is This is really nice. I like this
interface for for like doing a a deck
building game.
Very fun. All right, we go.
I feel like maybe we ah do a little bit
less. [__] That's maybe not the right
play.
Okay,
>> your shield.
>> King Bible.
[__] yeah, baby. [__] yeah, baby. [__]
yeah, buddy. [__] you talking now, baby.
>> Ooh, the knife whip or spinach.
>> What's good, my lord?
>> I just got back from my vacation to
Egypt.
>> Also, happy 49 months, Lord. Three.
>> Yo, you went to Egypt, man. Yo, how was
that, bro? Thank you so much for 49,
bro. Appreciate it, man. Yo, let's hear
about Egypt, bro. What was the best
part?
King Bible. Um, there's no Bible here,
guys. Maybe knife. You got to build up.
We'll try knife. Yeah. Yeah, we'll try
knife.
Tell us the best part of Egypt, man.
He fought Dio. Dude, did you see any
crazy [__] man? Yo, what's the food
like in Egypt, bro? They got food out
there, man. Like good food.
Let's go.
attack.
>> Oh, damn it. I should have went the
other order. I'm dumb. I'm dumb. I'm
dumb.
>> Boom.
Egypt is a no-go vacation spot. Wait,
why is that, man?
Is
they don't got food. It's okay. I got
food poisoning, though. Okay. All right.
Say less. Yeah. No, I think I'm good.
Think I'm good, man. Is it dangerous?
Bible upgraded.
Oh, it's not safe for women. Wait, it's
really that bad? Seriously?
A lot of scammers, too? Damn. Really? Is
that bad? Wait, what made you want to go
to Egypt, man?
All right, we got the big boy.
Lock the [__] guys. Um,
he's coming in for four. Get our armor.
Guess it doesn't really matter. Get some
damage out.
Hey, we lost a little bit of health
there. We go Antonio with King Bible
Spinach.
It's cheap and warm, dude. Hey, that's
fair. That's fair. That's fair. That's
fair.
We go whip upgraded King Bible Spinach.
>> Okay,
Naifu. Let's go. Let's go.
Ooh, another double damage. I I feel
like we take this
and we go into King Bible.
I want all upgraded King Bibles
now. What do we have here,
dude? Let's [__] go. All right, we
got all our Bibles. Let's [__] go,
man.
All right, let's dig this up. Let's see
what we get.
All right. Oh, I see a big chest over
there.
Get this guy first.
When I was stationed out there, it's not
friendly with women and Yeah. Lots of
scam stuff. Damn. Really? Oh, that
sucks, man.
Yeah. Any any countries that are like
overridden by scams is just it's just
kind of sad
cuz it's like it's just like ruining
their tourism too, like making people
not want to go. And then it's just like
makes you feel sad cuz it's like there's
probably not like many options out
there, you know? Let's just like
uh dude, let's just let's just go for
this. I I don't know what this is going
to be.
Okay. Boom.
>> Big damage.
Okay, they're coming in for six. I don't
have any armor.
So, we go we go whip team Bible.
We got our damage up.
And then we go
whip
spinach. Knife.
Let's [__] go. All right, we got
another King Bible. We got a magic wand,
armor, double damage.
Do we start thinking about maybe taking
armor or do we say [__] that and get
another Bible?
Oh yeah, a lot of people try to lure you
into their store. Double it. The magic
wand seems kind of kind of sick, huh?
That's why you should come to Cypress.
We don't do scams. We'll take all your
money the proper way by giving you piles
of good food. All right, I'm on my way,
man. I'm on my [__] way. Oh, yeah.
Double dagger. Okay. Okay. Yeah, let's
go for that. Let's go for that.
Huge. huge.
Yo, who's from a country that has the
best food in chat? And that's where I'm
going to go next.
I want to go on vacation, guys.
Who got the best food? I'm coming.
Cypress. All right, I'll be there.
Armor. King Bible. King Bible.
Portugal. Dude, I was actually looking
at real estate in Portugal.
>> Attack.
>> Let's go. America.
I mean, America does have good food. We
do have good food. Ohio. Is Ohio a
country?
Maybe I should have cashed out. Eh,
whatever.
I mean, it's 16 to multiple enemies. So,
what?
Do not come to the Nordics. Way too
expensive. Our Nordic country is
expensive.
Okay, we uh we need some damage. We go
knife king Bible.
Yo, al also guys, is the audio okay for
you guys? I forgot to ask before I
change the settings. Every Sunday is
National Barbecue Day in Cypress. We
have Mezz, which is 20 course feast
where small plates of food come to your
table as soon as they are off the grill.
Oh my god. So it's like tapas.
>> Welcome.
>> What What's the food like in Cypress?
Audio's okay. Okay. Hell yeah. All
right, guys. I'm going to Cypress.
Meat, dude. I mean, you are really
selling this, bro.
You are really freaking selling this,
huh?
King Bible armor spinach. I I I feel
like I'm in between the King Bible and
the armor. I feel like we're taking some
hits right now.
I don't want to get too I mean, what do
y'all think? Armor or King Bible. Visit
England or Ireland at least once to get
mega fish and chips and eat it on a car
on a rainy day. No, I will be going to
the UK at some point. Bible. Okay,
we don't need to worry about armor until
we Oh [__] bro. Did we take another
Bible?
I might take one armor. I'm going to
take one armor. One Bible, one armor.
Okay, lock in time, guys. Lock in time.
We go knife. King Bible
whip.
Okay, they're coming in for three. We go
armor spinach whip.
Let's go. Also, if you're into clubbing,
we have Aya Napa, which is basically a
village that instead of houses has bars
and clubs in the summer. The Vashri is
legendary. Oh man. Should I bring back
my clubbing days? Yes.
I don't know if you guys are are ready
to see me in my, you know, fully go off.
I kind of go beast mode when I go
clubbing, guys. Kind of let down all my
inhibitions.
But, I mean, with how old I am now,
like, it'll take it'll take about 2
weeks to recover. So, like, is that
worth it?
It might be worth it. All right, we got
the elite. Let's go. I can see you with
a whistle and some glow sticks like
Terry Cruz. You're not far off, man.
You're not far off with my my clubbing
outfit.
You got inhibitions. Uh only lately that
just started recently
since I got a family.
It's it's a recent development in my
life. It's uh it's actually kind of
nice.
Okay, we go. They're coming in for six.
We go armor, spinach, whip.
We'll take a little bit of damage there.
We go whip socketed King Bible. Regular
King Bible.
He's coming in for seven. We go armor.
Big King Bible.
Knife crit.
Hey, taking some damage here. Taking
some damage here.
Guess
we'll buff up for next turn. This is
hurting. This is hurting. We go Antonio
King Bible. And that should be the kill.
Let's go. Holy fudge, bro. Holy fudge,
dude. Do we take armor here? Deal 45
damage to multiple enemies with a chance
to knock back. Ooh,
wait. This is for the two though. We
need Dude, we could get the combo now.
We take the axe.
We take the axe for the combo.
All right. And then we immediately No, I
cashed out. I'm dumb.
I meant to take that. Holy [__] I meant
to take that. C. Can we do something
cool with the coins?
>> I hope yourself and the castle are
having a great day and a good stream.
>> Hey, thank you, Cornelius. Thanks, bro.
Dude, I I've been having a lot of fun
today, man.
We just been kind of playing some daily
slop, checking out vampire crawlers.
It's been a goddamn great day. Whip
spinach axe.
>> Yeah, we got to find some health ASAP.
Can we like buy health? What What can
y'all buy with uh Oh, a merchant later
on. Yeah, we got like 500 coins. Maybe
there's a place.
Let's go to the treasure chest down here
first.
Some health there. No.
We need some chicken, dude. We need some
We need some dang chicken. Go spinach.
King Bible.
[__] I wish I would have socketed that.
Gosh darn mother sucking axe.
I'm going to blame it on my color
blindness.
I'm color blind and I I saw the wrong
button that and that's it's all right.
I'm not defined by my Okay, there we go.
I'm going to click that and I'm going to
do that. There we go. There we go. See
guys, I've I've learned and I've
adapted.
My color blindness is not going to
define me.
All right, lock in mode active. We go
armor. We go king Bible. We go with
go knife king Bible
huge. All right, we really need to find
some uh some health before we do this
big fight.
Maybe behind this torch
whip King Bible.
I really like the combo system. I think
that's a a nice touch to a game like
this. your age.
>> It's very It makes it like even more
satisfying.
>> Armorable.
>> Oh, Bubba. Oh, Bubba. We could take a
double damage cuz we are missing a
socket in one of the holy bibles,
but we could start going for some big
dick one, two, three combos.
You smell me? You smell me, fam? What do
y'all think? I mean, do we suck at our
last Bible or we get a we get the we
start getting the combos going?
How color blinds? Um, color blind enough
to make me question every decision, a
color-based decision in my entire life.
2x is so shiny. I know. It's making me
want to pick it. Double the book. I do
axe. Axe.
I feel like these are plentiful. We'll
go for the axe now.
Let's go. Okay, we are back in business,
boys. Back in freaking business. Yo,
Vega, what the [__] Thank you for the
thousand bits, man. What the hell,
dude? Thank you so much, man.
>> What do I owe the pleasure?
Thank you, man.
I'm not dying soon, am I guys? Like you
you guys aren't trying to make me feel
good before you take me to the vet or
something, right? Thank you so much,
dude. [__]
I still got a long life ahead of me,
right, guys?
Armor Bible armor. I still got I still
got a lot a lot of play time left,
right, fellas?
>> Right. Damn. I needed that one to get
the All right. All right. It's all
right. I just started watching like 10
streams ago, but thanks for making the
work days better and the days off
easier. Oh, wait. Wait. You're you're a
new viewer, Vega. Seriously, man.
>> I say,
>> bro. No, thank you, man.
What the hell, bro?
Plus one viewer. Thanks, man.
I appreciate that a lot, bro. Hey, we're
just getting started.
We're just getting started. I'm glad I'm
glad you you started watching right as
as I uh finish up my sickness cuz now I
can stream a lot more. Okay, we go. We
go to finish since there's no order for
that. Boom. Paid shatter. Um,
okay. I am at half health, but I'm still
going to clear these out. could be
helped behind this torch.
Antonio
Bible.
Oh, Bubba. That's nice. Holy [__]
Um,
did we start going? Man, the magic wand
is a nice hero to have, though. Where do
you apply to be a paid chatter? Um, just
where there's a will, there's a way,
man. Where there's a will, there's a
way.
Should we take the wands? All right,
let's try it. Let's try it. Feel like
it's a good zero cost to have.
Okay, armorible
finish.
Okay, we got the wand. We got the wands.
That's going to deal 10% more. So, we'll
kill one.
>> Boom. The armor.
Maybe I should have done it the other
way. Uh, okay. King B.
Huge. Huge.
All right. 26 health for this elite
fight. I mean, we'll be okay, right?
We'll be all right.
Antonio, good start. King Bible
Spinach.
Okay, we blocked that. Thank god we got
the whip into King Bible.
Yes, there we go. Avoided the attack.
Very nice.
Now we go.
I do well axe
armor.
Okay, they're coming in for three. I
don't have any armor, so we are going to
have to go for good damage. Be vital
spinach.
All right, they're coming in for two.
So, we go.
Damn, I don't have a one cost.
Get those kills.
axe. Get our armor. What's he coming in
for? 12. Oh, dear God. Oh, dear God. And
we don't have a combo in sight.
Oh, heavens.
Oh, Lord.
This is going to hurt.
Wait, what happened? Did he didn't
attack?
Wait, how come he didn't hit us? Do we
get Oh, we got the knock back. Is that
what that was? Oh my god, bro. That
actually just saved us. Okay, he's
juiced up with uh with armor, dude.
Let's [__] go. Oh my god. Yeah, the
mana curve seems seems really important.
And I I honestly I really like that. I
think it's a really cool concept. Okay,
so he's still blocking and we just we
just go king Bible
not really getting our combos. Are we?
Okay, we go magic wand, spinach, armor.
Get through this dude's [__] armor,
man. Antonio
>> spinach ax. There we go. There we go.
Boom. No damage.
Okay, what are we missing for our
freaking combos? I feel like honestly
we're missing a lot of the ones. No,
maybe we take another king Bible here.
Feel like I kept missing the the one
slots.
We have two axes, right?
I know. The three 3x 12 would have
actually Yeah, we would have we would
have died. You have a lot of zeros and
twos. Yeah. Let's let's let's take the
King Bible then.
All right. Here we go. Uh let's go into
the
Going to the King Bible for now.
All right.
D. We do it.
Let's do it.
Scripted death.
Can we do it?
I got a ton of achievement. Oh yeah.
Complete mad forest. Okay, I guess we
did it.
Nice.
Yo. Yo, bud. That's enough for you. Why
don't you come here?
Okay, cool. We got the shop now. Okay,
sick. Purchase powerups to boost your
stats. Uh, got some rare things on sale.
Stranger. Okay, cool.
We got uh area attack deal splash damage
10% per rank. Add one armor per rank.
Increase duration crawler stay by one
rank. Gain 20% more XP per rank.
Increase luck. Increase max health. Deal
20% more damage per rank.
Heal one HP per rank after each
encounter. Roll choices two per rank.
Oo, that's nice.
Deal splash damage. Well, we got 250
coins. Uh,
or I'm sorry, we have 1,38 coins and
each one of these costs. Looks like
around 250. This one's 1,200,
850, 500,
250, 750,
and maybe XP.
I guess XP will just make everything's
everything faster, right? We'll grab
that. Then we got two 288. So, we can
maybe grab
could grab a roll
increase duration crawler stay by one
rank.
We could take a roll.
Reroll or duration? I'll grab a reroll
for now.
Okay.
These are just our unlocks, right? Okay,
I see.
Oh, the inn. Okay, cool. So, we can get
other crawlers. Gordon Bell. Gordon Bell
in. Relax with a pint of milk and ask
mighty crawlers to join your party.
Emldda Bellace.
Add 15 XP when aa is played. Gain one XP
when a yellow card is played.
Add two. Add two amounts when Jinaro is
played. Deal 60 damage when a red card
is played. Oh, [__] I maybe should have
saved my money.
Grab her.
>> Admirable choice.
>> Also, you can only take one crawler per
turn uh per run.
>> Let it whip.
>> You know, I kind of like Antonio,
though, to be honest.
Milky. Dude, there's a lot of milk
drinking in The Boys, huh? What in the
hell is going on in that show, dude? I'm
on season 2, episode 5 right now. The
futile scribe was cursed to know all and
understand nothing. His endless library
may gift us insight or damnation. A mask
of stone whispers endlessly within.
Oh, wait. The library. No way.
Wait, so you're crawling through the
maps from Vampire Survivors.
Oh my god, this is so sick, dude.
I I actually love this.
My strength is your shield, boss.
Okay, magic wand. King Bible. Get the
Bible for now.
What do we have here?
Coming in for four. Go buy armor.
And this is just a a really really good
idea for a for like a a deck builder.
>> I like it a lot.
Empty tome. Add one mana. Ooh, cool.
Spinacher whip. Um. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh. I do have rerolls, too.
Do I torture Athl by DMing pictures of
delicious cypress food? Please don't
hurt me. Can't wait to see how this game
ramps up since the demo ended just when
it was getting good. Yeah, I guess this
is the full release, right? Uh I don't
know if it's early access or if this is
the 1.0 right now. I think it's the 1.0.
Um you know what? I'm going to take this
empty tome. Let's just let's just see
what it does.
Draw a card. Adds armor.
Increase area stat.
I said we draw a card on
like a zero like this.
That way we can like try to get the
combo going.
Oh yeah.
Adds armor. Knife. Armor. Empty tomb.
Bro, did we just [__] mana ramp,
dude?
Did we just [__] mana ramp? Honestly,
having an armor gem could be nice, too,
though.
That way, we don't have to plug up armor
cards. I'm just going to do that. Do
that on Oh, no. I shouldn't have done it
on this.
Oh well. Oh, well.
Hey, now's the time to test everything,
huh? Okay, Antonio.
Hey, wait. That actually just came in
clutch, dude.
>> Withdraw
armor.
I say
>> attack.
>> A, this is kind of buns, man.
We need We need some more We need some
more big dick damage cards.
I mean, at least we're going to get a
lot of armor, huh? Gain three max
health.
Destroy card burns up on use. Okay,
cool.
Okay.
Connect and continue combos.
Okay. Very sick.
Armor team five.
But now if we're going to have a [__]
ton of mana, like we got to get some uh
more expensive cars for sure. Let's
draw. Nice.
Hell yeah.
Yeah. More draw would go hard, right?
Okay. Combo with any cards. Okay. Let's
go.
Boom. Boom. Boom.
Beautiful.
Absolutely beautiful.
Let's go for another King Bible.
All right, let's let's let's do this
boss. Dude, I'm really liking this, man.
I'm I'm really really liking this.
Okay, draw
spinach.
armor revival.
All right, one left.
Here's what we do with Oh, [__] I was
ready to do a crazy ass combo with that,
but okay.
Increased damage. We love that. 20%
increase. We [__] love that.
I thought I could maybe uh ram into
those candles. All right, guys. Boss
time.
Okay.
Yes.
Armor
spinach
draw.
Damn. Damn.
>> That's how we do it. That's how we do
it. This how we freaking do it. Increase
might stat. Ooh.
Ooh.
Maybe we put this on a zero.
Put this on like a I guess we put it on
a whip, huh?
Okay. Big boy time. Big boy time. Armor.
King Bible. Spanish.
He's coming in for six.
We draw.
Oh no, that's might. That's might. My
bad. King five. We're going to take a
little bit of damage here. Oh no, we got
the knock back.
Huge, bro. Huge. [__] huge.
[__] huge.
>> Welcome.
>> We draw King Bible.
This is uh is this one might or? Yeah,
this one's might. Right.
We go Antonio.
You think we'd do more damage if we got
the might stacked first and then King
Bible.
We do the might buff.
Wait, wait. We can still proc the combo.
No.
>> Yeah, let's [__] go.
>> Okay, we'll take three. That's fine.
We'll whip.
Holy dude, we have 190% damage.
Holy,
holy [__] You're welcome. I really need
a socket. Uh
so did 2x damage on something soon, man.
Draw a card. Increase might stat. Add
armor. Um dude, do we do we do more
draw? I kind of like the draw, man. Like
the draw on zeros is kind of crazy, huh?
Think
either might or draw.
We could roll too. I kind of like draw.
Ah, draw on King Bible though. That's
all we have.
You think draw on King Bible is good.
Many cards.
Yeah, I guess I I guess if we're going
We need if we get two two mana cost
cards. That would be good. And then we
double damage our two. Okay. Okay. Okay.
We draw into a two. That would go hard.
That would go hard.
Yeah, we need Yeah, exactly. Exactly. We
need draw for the for the for the tome,
right?
Let's go here first.
Okay,
go whip.
Go spinach
whip armor.
Huge
draw. Antonio King Bible. Ah, dude,
we're crazy right now. We are freaking
crazy right now.
Maybe we take the magic wands.
Get a nice uh get a nice uh damage at
the start.
See what this is about.
I want to start getting some two mana
costs though. Um let's go. Armor.
They're coming in for six.
So, we'll have enough if we play this.
Oh my god. Huge.
And then we got the armor. Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Yeah, I maybe could have rerolled that
one.
We go.
I wish I could draw. Fudge. Farewell.
Damn. I needed a draw there. [__]
O. Okay, we get a draw on this. Let's go
whip first.
King Bible. Another draw.
Whip.
Damn.
>> Strong guy.
>> Take one damage.
Okay. Armor. King Bible draw.
Whip draw.
>> Dude, we are we are on the cusp of
having a pretty a pretty cool build. We
just need a few more cards, but like
we're we're kind of getting there. Um
boom,
>> boom. Magic ones.
Take a little bit of damage here. We're
like not quite built out. Damn. Like
we're we're we're kind of running into
some
bottlenecks here.
Just need more draws. We need more draws
and yeah, some twos and take some damage
here. That's all right. That's all
right. Okay. Whip
into
King Bible
into whip into King Bible. Okay. See
that? That's That's what we want right
there, man.
Guiding light shows breakable light
sources on a mini map. Oh, nice. Cool.
Oh, wait. That's so helpful cuz I I
totally miss this one.
Beautiful.
All right, let's do it.
Okay, we draw
>> Antonio magic wands.
N dude, if we can if we can get some two
axes, like we are going to be actually
crazy. Let's go. Boom. In a combo in a
draw.
See what we draw. We get armor. King
Bible upgraded.
We go whip draw. King Bible armor.
Boom. Boom.
Okay.
We can get max health for King Bible
Chad. Do we reroll this to try to get
some twos or what?
Let's do it. Golden armor. Very cool.
Add four armor. Magic wand. Whip.
Yeah, Caitlin. Yeah, it came out today.
Yeah, it just dropped today. I I never
played the demo, so this is my first
time ever playing, actually.
Yeah, this is tough.
Do we not get like level two or like two
mana cost cards until like the next
floor or something?
Do they not show up yet? I don't know
how that works exactly,
bro. Do we reroll this?
I'm doing it. [__] it.
Double damage on the wand.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe more ones, huh? Let's
just take the 2x on the wand for now.
This isn't ideal. This is definitely not
ideal.
Spinach. Definitely not ideal here.
spawn 2x survival draw
armor zone. All good. All good. All
good. Yo, Raris, thank you so much for
the raid. Appreciate it, bro. Thank you
so much. I hope you had a great stream.
We are just playing some vampire
crawlers. Having a gay old time, aren't
we, guys?
King into the King Bible draw into the
Magic Wand 2X into the King Bible
upgraded.
Okay.
>> To your aid.
>> Boom. 126 damage. Just like that.
>> We take a little bit. There we go.
Whipped draw. King Bible draw. Armor
spinach.
armor. King Bible
spinach
whip draw. King Bible draw.
Dude, I I'm telling you, we are on the
cusp of something magical.
Maybe we take King Bible here.
King Bible golden armor.
It'd be cool if we could socket the
Wait, can you only socket reds? I have
the socket.
I'm taking the King Bible.
Draw a card. Increase amount stat.
It's twice as hard. Bro, I said we go
draw. We just keep drawing.
I want to draw all my cards in one turn.
That's my goal with this build.
Increase number of cards dealt at the
start of turn. Oh my god. Are you
[__] serious?
Are you fudging me or are you
what? Okay, we go.
>> To your aid.
>> First we go with [__]
Okay. Boom. Okay. Boom. Okay. Boom.
Chad, do you guys normally clear
everything? Like, should we just clear
everything?
I feel like I want to, right?
Just to get the XP like
empty tome. King Bible draw. Whip might
king Bible draw. Holy [__] dude. No,
we're going to start ramping here soon.
I can feel it. I can freaking feel it.
We go
>> stronger.
>> Antonio Spinach, magic wand, King Bible.
Yo, shout out King James. He's dealing
some big dick mother sucking damage for
us today, isn't he, guys? Let's do
armor. King Bible draw. [__] yes.
vending machine. Huh.
Sacrifice a card to get a permanent stat
boost.
Reduce incoming damage plus one. Um,
so we sacrifice a card to get plus one
armor rating.
Does that mean like every armor that we
get, we get plus one on top of that?
Is that what that means?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, okay. Okay. I'm dumb. I see. I see.
I see. I see. I see. Um,
right. Let me get rid of this finish.
Let's see what happens.
Also, it upgrades the other one. So,
I'll get a plus three armor now. Is that
what that was?
Okay. Yes. Whip draw.
Bible draw.
Whipped spinach. Boom.
Wait, we're actually we're we're
starting to go a little crazy now. Let's
do this guy first.
On the top left, you see the spinach
icon. You had 20%, now you have 30%.
Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. I I see. I see. I
see. I see.
Thank you so much. All right. We go
>> Antonio is your shield
>> with
King Bible
>> magic.
>> Yeah. So you you like sacrifice the card
to get that permanent basically.
That's pretty cool.
Whip draw
magic wand in Bible.
Holy [__] dude. Now we're crazy. We are
[__] crazy.
I don't have any rerolls,
so I
Maybe we take the the King Bible.
Maybe we take the King Bible, fellas.
Yo, Punk Games, what is good?
Thank y'all for making this game. I've
been absolutely loving it. This is uh
this is my first day playing it. I
didn't I didn't uh get to check out the
demo. It's my my first day. I'm loving
it, man. I'm absolutely loving it.
This game is is is it's it's dang crack.
Thank y'all so much. I appreciate it.
That is not a paid chatter, guys. I
didn't pay them to say this. Come by my
stream either. Say that such nice
things. Um I Yeah, I don't know if I can
check my deck uh from here. I don't know
if I see an option.
I'm just going to take the King Bible.
I get to play it for free.
I'm paid to be here. And see, they're
lying. And see, Pon Games, they're some
[__] liars, dude. And they just do
that. I don't know why. I don't know
what the [__] they're talking about,
guys. All right, we get the draw.
They're just [__] liars, bro. Like,
what the [__] dude?
Paying to come come to my chat and just
lie. Just what other lies do you have
for us?
>> We go, Antonio. We go.
Magic wand. Get the kill.
Boom.
Yo, Athl, can I DM you? Yeah, of course.
Of course. Uh yeah, hit me up either on
you got a treat for your stream. Oh
yeah, please. Yeah, you can you can send
it either to my Discord, which is just
Lord Athan, or uh my Twitter, which is
same name, Lord Athan.
>> Please don't be a picture of your dick.
>> I say please. That's all I ask. And
that's not too much to ask, right? Like,
>> yes.
You're welcome.
>> Please. I get enough of those already. I
just Please, just let it be something
good, dude.
>> Attack.
>> Stronger.
>> Dude, if they did, I actually like
>> in a weird way, I'd respect them, but
like, please don't do it.
>> Don't listen to the haters. You are the
coolest streamer on Twitch with a hot
girlfriend and the funniest member.
>> By the way, where do I send this invoice
to?
>> Who the [__] hating? Wait, what the
[__]
Who's hating on me?
We take 2x.
Take 2x.
Uh, chat, I don't I don't know where the
paid chatter rumors are coming from. Um,
you think I'm a male Vuber. You think I
can afford to [__] pay people to
to like me? Like, no, dude.
Can't afford that [__]
I got a I got way bigger stuff to worry
about, guys.
You know what? Yeah, let's let's sack
this. Get the plus one armor. Cool.
Cool. So, the armor just stays. Oh,
that's awesome. That's really cool.
What if Pongle Games just sends me a
vany odd dickpick? Oh my god.
>> My strength is your
>> That would be [__] terrible. Holy
[__] All right, we get the draw. We get
the King Bible.
>> I say
Van Dick. All right, we finally get the
axe. Let's go. You're
>> welcome. You're welcome.
I had to do Twitter DM. Sorry. Oh, dude.
No worries. No worries. I I'll check
real fast. Appreciate it, man.
Appreciate you, bro.
No way. Are you serious?
Bro, are you serious, man? Thank you so
much. What the [__]
Thank you so much, dude.
Chat, you want to see what they sent?
Wow, dude. Are you serious, man?
No [__] way, dude. Here, I'll show
you what they sent. Dude, that's
incredible.
Let me go on my Twitter real fast,
dude.
Bro, thank you so much, man.
They sent this, dude. What the [__]
dude? Thank you. I appreciate that.
Thank you so much.
A thank you. That's a That's a biggie,
huh? Damn, bro. What the hell?
Holy smokers.
Damn, look at that. Makes me want to go
work out or something. Please rate it
out of 10, dude. That's a [__] 12.
Are you serious? That's breaking the
charts. It's off the charts. I can't I
can't even put it into words.
That's That's some god dick [__] or god
god veins.
It's not of this earth chat.
Along with this beautiful picture of
their vein, they sent over three codes
for vampire crawlers for me to give to
y'all. working for shift now and one of
them is
>> no uh how do how do you guys want it?
You guys just want to do a giveaway?
>> Y'all just want to do a good old
fashioned giveaway?
Let's just do that. Let's just do that.
Wait, mods. Uh
y'all just want to do that or you you
want me to put it in the chat? First
come, first serve.
I will fight all of chat for it. Maybe
maybe we do a giveaway. Let's do a
giveaway. Let's do a giveaway.
Let's do a giveaway.
Ponco, thank you so much. I really
appreciate it.
And of course for the picture, too.
Like, thank you so much. Thank you so
freaking much. Okay, I totally remember
how to do this. Let me go to Nightbot.
Let me go to my dashboard. Giveaways,
active chatters. We'll do a keyword
keyword giveaway, right?
Next. Viewers, regulars, VIP,
subscribers, mo chat, do I include the
moderators or no?
Do I include the moderators or no? What
do y'all think? No. No. Okay, everyone's
saying no. Everyone's saying no. Yo,
sorry, Axion.
I'll do one. I'll do one with the mods.
One with the mods,
guys. The key word
The key word is exclamation point
vain. Exclamation point vein. Type it
into the chat. Type it into the chat.
Exclamation point vein. I got three
codes. I got three codes.
Exclamation point vein. I'll let this
run up. We got 61 users. 65 users. Just
type it in the chat. Type it in the
chat. I believe this is for a uh uh
Steam code probably.
I think so.
Exclamation point. Vain.
Steam. Okay, cool. Yeah, it's a Steam
code, guys. Steam code.
Steam code.
Even mini
exclamation point vain. Yeah. What if
Pon Games wins it?
All right, guys. I'm about to send it.
I'm about to send it. First code. First
code. First code.
I'm going to send it. Three,
two.
Oh, yeah. Punk Gains is a suspicious
user. You have to go through the
onboarding process of being a member of
the castle community. So, we're we're
susing you out right now, dude. We got
to make sure you're cool and you're not
a witch.
You're not a witch, are you? No.
All right, guys. I'm doing it. First one
exclamation point vain. The winner is
>> Scorpion 31.
>> Dude, I wish I wish I could like just
message you from here.
Wait, should I just whisper them on
Twitch?
Scorpion 31
followed four years ago. One user entry.
A wait, that's so cute. You won, bro.
You won.
Now ban them.
Just put the code in chat. Make them
race for it. Tell them to get it from
Discord. Okay. Okay. Um,
yo, how should I how should I give it to
you, bro? How do you want it, man? Let
me write these down so I don't forget.
Put this uh right here. Scorpion 31.
Thank you so much. All right, let's do
the next one, guys.
I think you guys can still enter.
Exclamation point vein. Exclamation
point vein. Exclamation point vein.
We're going to choose another winner.
exclamation point vain. Get in there,
fellas. Get in there. Yo, also Resin,
thank you so much for the 33 months,
man. Appreciate you. Appreciate it, bro.
Jay Belchure, thank you so much for the
gifted to Ponco Games, who is totally
not a witch. I think I think Ponco Games
is chill. I don't think they're a witch,
guys. I don't think we have to burn them
alive at the stake.
All right,
the number two winner is
any underscore name.
Another follower from four years ago.
Man, we got some old head lurkers.
Let's go.
Okay, let me grab your Twitch name.
How do you guys want it? You guys want
it? You guys want me to whisper it on on
Twitch or on Discord?
I could give it to the mods, too, if you
guys want to give it to him.
All right, guys. Last code. Last code.
Last code.
Exclamation point.
Vain. Can I whisper you from right here?
Wait, dude.
Oh, no. I can't. [__]
Exclamation point.
Last code, guys. last code and the
winner is
>> Jen P.
Bro
4 years ago. You did it, bro. You did
it. Thanks, man. Thanks for being a
castle bro for so dang long.
Jen Pearson.
Okay, here are the names of the winners
right there so I don't forget. Scorpion
31, any name. Jen Pearson
mods. Could I do Could you all do me a
huge favor? I'm going to go into the
Discord.
I'm going to go into the castle discord.
I'm going to go in what channel is best
for you guys. I will go to maybe Twitch
mod chat.
Twitch mod chat. I'm going to put in the
three codes. Is there any way y'all
could gift these out?
There are the three codes. And I know
Axion definitely won't steal it. Oh,
thank you guys. Oh, you already have it
listed. Yo, thank you. Okay, there's the
three codes
to the winners. The mods, we'll get you
your codes.
Thank you, mods. And thank you, Pongle
Games. Appreciate
the gifted codes or vampire crawlers.
Thank you all so much.
To the winners, just tell us your
Discord names and DM me. Yeah. Yeah.
Contact Axion, guys. Appreciate y'all at
Pon Games. Thank you so much for the
gift, dude. Really appreciate it. And
guys, enjoy Vampire Crawlers. It's a
whole lot of fun, guys. Okay, we go for
the draw and we're going to get a zero
here. Ooh, we can still combo off this
king Bible draw.
Oh my god, the combo. Oh, I need I need
the mana fudge up. We took out the kill.
All good. All good.
Yo. And we'll take that mana graciously
and with open arms. Thank you for
playing our game and thank you to chat
for being chill. chat
>> to your aid.
>> No, no, I won't I won't I won't do
anything crazy. Thank you, Pon Games. We
really appreciate you coming by and
thank you for making such a gosh darn
fun game and we really appreciate it.
And yeah, it dude, we we don't think
you're a witch. We think you guys are
awesome
and we hope
that the release goes well, don't we,
chat? Don't we guys? We totally don't
think they're a witch.
We're not going to trail them or
anything.
Please call me Jungle.
John Punkle. Holy crap,
>> dude.
>> I say,
>> get the [__] roll.
>> 2x,
dude. Now, our build is really coming
together.
Thank you, sir Jon Cool. Thank you,
love.
Um,
maybe we do increase area stat, increase
armor.
Can really only socket it into the maybe
armor just in case like at the ends just
to stay safe
after a big combo.
We can just like Yeah, I'm just doing
that. I'm just going to stay safe.
John Pongu.
Yo, another roll. Beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful.
N this is going to be too fun on my
Steam deck.
Like, actually,
I'm sure it plays with controller just
fine. Um, go King Bible draw.
Ooh, I really needed a tome there.
Right, right, right.
We probably just go straight to the axe.
No,
actually, wait. We go whip.
Oh, no. I had the [__] Ah, I'm dumb.
I'm dumb. I had the [__] thing. I'm
stupid.
I had the juice. I had the juice on it,
man. I had the combo. Fudge. What about
this?
I dejued myself.
I I poured all my juice down the drain.
>> To your aid.
>> No, that just that's just wrong. That's
just all wrong.
>> ATTACK.
>> I had all this juice
and I put it in the freaking toilet,
dude.
Whoa. Think about that, man.
It's what you do when you jack off in
the toilet, man. You got to keep your
juice, man. Save it for something
special. Don't waste it. Retain it,
guys. Retain it. Don't let it out for
free. Keep your juice.
Keep your juice when you got that mana,
guys.
Do we take the empty tome here?
Time to vanish into the non-witchy
shadow. Oh, thank you so much, Panco.
Appreciate it. I hope the release goes
great. I'm sure it will. the I think the
game is just going to spread like
wildfire. So, keep up the great work and
we uh we are going to enjoy the absolute
heck out of this one. Appreciate it.
Thank you so much for the the gifted
codes, too. Appreciate you, bro. Thank
you, Jon. Thank you, Uncle Jon.
Maybe we take I take empty tome. Let's
start Let's start [__] getting silly
with this [__] boys. Go empty tome. 2x
and that's just beautiful right there.
That's just beautiful.
Yeah, I I think this game will be a hit.
I I didn't really look at any reviews
or anything, so I don't know how it's
reviewing, but I'm sure
I'm sure it's uh quite the hit already.
Okay,
we go Antonio into this into the ass.
Beautiful. Beautiful.
We go empty tome. Draw.
Draw again.
Magic wand. 2x.
Dude, we are [__] bitching, mate.
We are fudging bitching,
dude.
Rip draw
king bible
ax
whip.
We got this guys. We got this.
Antonio
okay.
Yeah, we're we're really starting to get
our combos, huh? We go magic wands.
Bible draw.
Empty toone. Get our mana. Bible draw.
Okay, 2x. That's fine. They're not
attacking, so we good.
We go whip draw. Hopefully get a one.
King Bible draw. Axe.
Damn. No more draw as [__]
Okay, that's fine. That's fine.
>> Antonio King Bible draw.
Magic wands.
>> Team Bible 2x.
>> Huge. Okay, he's coming in for nine.
Whit might bible kill.
>> Okay, boys. We got our rerolls back. Do
we go another axe?
Dude, the magic wand is [__] sick,
too.
What do y'all think? Axe or wands? Maybe
we start [__] with the axes. I wish I
could see my cards. Oh, did I? I can. I
can. Yeah, because we only have one two
right now. I said we take the axe. Yeah.
Cool. So, it's just down there. See?
Fabric.
Draw a card. Increase amount stat.
Increase my stat.
Can we slot this into the axe? Dude, I
mean, having a draw at the end of the
axe could go hard. If we got the tomes,
we just restart the cycle.
I feel like Oh, yeah. What does a mount
do?
What does a mount do exactly?
It's like you get more hits or
something.
This adds a projectile.
Yeah. Should we just test and find out?
All right, [__] it.
I feel like draw would go hard. I just
kind of want to see what this does. I
think we're strong enough we could
probably beat this. Maybe. Codes have
been distributed. Yo, WS, thank you.
Thank you guys so much. Now, now I won't
beat you tonight. Really appreciate it,
guys. Now I don't have to do a a weekly
mod beating.
Appreciate it, bros. Getting 10% more
coins.
Trust me, it hurts me more than it does
them. Really hurts my hands.
What if they want to be beaten? Then
they'll they'll, you know, they'll act
out and they'll they'll do wrong.
Sometimes it feels like that's the case.
You know, that's fine. Okay. Whip and
Bible draw.
So now we got the projectile increase.
Then we go empty tome. Then we draw
again. Oh my gosh. Wait. This is kind of
going crazy.
>> My strength is your shield.
>> I wish I had a draw here. Fudge.
>> Yes. I say,
>> dude. Now we're kind of cooking right
now, man. Kind of [__] cooking nuts.
Damn. Well, we'll go for the draw
for the projectile. I maybe should have
went for the draw there. [__]
draw.
Damn.
Okay. All good. All good.
Yeah. Yeah. It works for all other
projectiles, right?
>> Antonio
Bible.
I definitely want to get another draw
socket though.
>> Whip it.
>> Maybe should have went that first.
>> Farewell.
>> Whip draw.
Let's go. Let's [__] go.
We do have a reroll.
Maybe. Maybe. Do we need another
zero?
I I feel like maybe we take the knife.
Feel like we're getting enough armor.
I say either knife or roll. Huh.
Yeah, we can check the deck from here.
Yeah, that's my deck pile. Guess
I can't see everything. It's just what I
have left in my deck or nowhere to see
like my whole collection.
Not sure where I see that.
Yeah, this level is definitely longer
than force, huh?
I I feel like there's got to be a way to
check your whole deck, right?
Right now, yeah, this is just seven
cards. It's on my full deck.
I have a nice deck. Seriously.
Seriously, if we could get like a draw
on the knife,
I'm re-rolling. Let's just see. Another
axe. [__] it. No, I'm crazy. I'm crazy.
I'm actually crazy. I should not be
doing this. Let's go.
Team Bible draw.
Free axe. Boom.
That's just crazy. I'm just a crazy man.
Okay. Magic wand. King Bible draw.
Empty tome. King Bible 2x.
King Bible armor.
Whip. Draw. King Bible.
Axe.
Whip. Empty toone. Ah, not enough.
to your
>> armor.
I say
yes.
>> Let's [__] go.
We're kind of scaling up, guys. We're
kind of going crazy here.
Okay,
2x on the axe. Just have the big dick
card.
We could reroll. Go for a draw.
either 2x axe
or go for a draw.
Yeah, the amount is the amount's not bad
either. The amount's not bad.
It's cool. You can cash out too if you
want like the meta progression um
on the axe.
I like the 2x cuz it still hits a a lot
of targets.
My heart is telling me the 2x. So I what
I was leaning towards first.
This is this is the time to to test and
see what we like. You know, no no real
wrong choices with any of this. We just
got to figure out what works best for
us.
We go whip. We go for that into the axe.
Beautiful.
We love that. We love that. We love
that.
Yeah, the amount the amount is great for
like the the scaling. Like honestly,
it probably works pretty well in this
deck because we're drawing and getting
so much mana. So we just like,
you know, we can we can do long turns
and, you know, the more amount it scales
like more and more.
I guess we just have to like kind of see
like how long some of these battles are
going to go, right? Like
>> draw
wands.
They're coming in for two. Let's just
get the armor
to be safe. Oh, we we [__] lose them
anyway.
Also, if you look on the mini map, you
will see what floor you are on in this
stage and also how many floors. It's
like four out of five. Oh, wait. Okay,
cool. Wait, let me take a look at that
after this. Um, let's grab the draw.
Grab the amount.
I don't think I noticed that. Oh, cool.
Yeah. Okay, I see it right there. Nice.
Cool. So, we're almost there.
All right, lads. We take the [__]
>> that
magic wands. We take We'll take the fork
axe.
Take the fork axe.
Whip Bible pass.
Draw. Nice.
Beautiful. Beautiful.
Damn. We need some zeros.
Get the amount up.
Empty to survival draw.
Axe 2x
coming in for four.
We
>> going
draw.
King Bible. Draw
increase might magic wands
little clover
right
with
>> King Bible.
Perfect.
Absolutely perfect.
So, does this one have Grim Reaper at 30
minutes, too? Yeah, it looks like when
you like beat the like as far as you can
go in the map, the Grim Reaper shows up.
We saw that in like the forest level.
I don't know if there's a way to beat it
or anything, you know, like like
how you kind of could in the old one.
Yo, get our mounts,
right? Here's what we do. Antonio
with empty tome.
And now we go magic wands.
We go for armor.
Ah.
Is this a bit like slay the spire
combat? Yeah, I'd say it's pretty
comparable. Although you're not really t
it it's more of like uh
you're not really targeting specific
stuff some a lot of times you're more
like doing kind of like these waves of
combat.
You're welcome
which make it really fun.
Oh,
what do we need right now guys? What the
[__] do we need?
What in the hell do we need? Got a few
good zeros. Do we take another axe,
guys?
What the hell do we do here?
What in the hell? You You just think axe
pass for money? I don't know if
Can we
got three axes already? Huh?
Can we pass for money?
Wait, so this is just a level up? Is Is
this just like a We get to play this for
free, right?
I think that's what this is, right?
How many axes is too much?
How many axes is too much? Reroll. Okay,
let's see what we get. Magic wand,
spinach.
Do we get another toone? Nah. Right,
dude. I'm rerolling again. Knife, golden
armor, king Bible. Oh,
maybe we just have another King Bible.
Maybe just should have taken the axe.
What combos with the axe? So the way the
combos works is like playing mana costs
in order. So you go zero, one, two, and
then if you play them in order, they get
a like a damage buff from it.
Dude, do we take another budgeon Bible?
Wish I could see my whole deck.
I guess I can now cuz I have these over
here. Empty to King Bible. How many
empty toms do I I have two empty tombs.
I have three king Bibles, three axes.
Maybe a knife for a zero.
Cheeky knife for a zero.
Let's just do that.
And then maybe we can get a gem socketed
into it.
Dude, that just saved us. That just that
just [__] saved us. Now we can do the
combo.
Yo,
I feel like I was running out of zeros.
Okay, whip. Right.
Magic wands. Kale.
Kale confirmed.
All right, fellas. Yo, let's get the
amount.
Let's go. Amount on the knife. Is that
crazy?
Is that [__] crazy? cuz then it'll
boom it for everything else. Holy [__]
dude.
Is that crazy or is that bad?
I feel like getting that. Okay, this is
the last floor, guys.
Got some chicken. We're really not
taking much damage, man. Getting those
armor sockets are really nice.
Okay, we got the damage buff. Beautiful.
Beautiful. I like that. I love that.
Okay, we go whip droll. King Bible
empty tomb. King Bible draw
whip.
Dude, we we are actually clapping cheeks
beyond belief. We go Antonio
King by
Yoy.
Whoa. Whoa. Bubba.
Whoa.
You think these monsters are like
hearing about us and getting scared?
>> Quaking in their [__] boots?
>> Yeah.
>> You think they're hearing of our legend?
That little 2x burst.
M.
I feel like this would be a way. We're
really I feel like we're okay on health
to be honest.
I mean, maybe the wand just to get us
cooking.
Yeah, maybe we take the wand. Get us
cooking up. Call.
Can't go wrong with that. If we get a
wand draw, maybe
whip draw. King Bible.
Yeah. No, I think I think we're [__]
We are absolutely moving now. Ah, that's
unfortunate.
That is unfortunate. Wow. I have four
axes, huh? Okay. Interesting.
Oh. Uh oh. This is going to hurt. This
is going to hurt.
I guess we just go for the amount. That
kind of sucks. Damn. It's the first time
that's happened, huh? Swear that never
happened.
Bible.
Antonio
Magic.
Magic clones. King Bible.
There we go.
Empty zone.
Oh, I meant to do draw. [__] Good.
Good. Knife them out.
>> My shield.
>> Magic wand.
So far so good. So far so good. Magic
wands. Boom. That's it.
31 coins. Beautiful.
So, we got to go around.
Get back here, you [__] bugger.
Adds armor. Another axe. Golden armor.
Aloha.
What does the amount do? So, the amount
adds uh uh what someone said is it adds
more projectiles. So, I assume we're
just doing like more scaled up damage
with how many like, you know, axes we
throw.
etc.
Do we roll this?
I'd either like a draw or like an amount
that we can sock it into the uh the
magic wands.
Fudge it.
>> No.
Whoa.
>> I mean, it's okay, I guess, if we get a
zero.
Maybe the whip, I guess. Whip or armor,
huh?
kind of good on toss. You think we
should grab a tome?
I can't click on my discard pile either.
Wish I could wish I could see my damn
deck to Okay.
Yeah, we do have a lot of axes. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Um, and we keep getting this armor
gem,
knife, magic wand.
I mean, maybe a knife.
I'm going to take the knife. We can find
a nice gem for it.
Oops.
All right, let's go.
Kingtown draw
a
knife.
I need to find some gems doing
whip draw
by one.
Okay, they're coming in for 10.
Increase my armor.
Huge big bad coin right there. Huge big
bad coin. Boom. I like that card a lot.
Unless you use it for like any at any
point in the uh the combo, any number.
That's cool.
>> Stronger.
>> Okay. Not the best ammo, but we luckily
we have enough armor.
Yes.
>> Knife draw a magic wand. I needed one.
So, I'm down.
All good.
Um,
let's go.
Rip draw. Hope to get a one. There it
is. Amount. Amount.
Now we go.
Huge. Huge. All right. They're coming in
for 11.
Might draw, dude. Just like that.
Just like that. I think we got this one,
guys.
I like this deck quite a bit.
I like this. I love this. Increased
number of cards dealt at the start of
turn. Oh my god. Isn't that the second
one we got?
This is This is just a great take on the
deck builder. I I think this is
fantastic.
I really like this.
Okay, here we go.
Nice
drawer amount.
Empty tome 2x.
Huge.
Yeah, I feel like the amount is really
good. Huh?
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really kind of
liking that.
Ooh, let's take a draw. Let's take a
draw. Wait, I didn't even Let me read
what this does. Oh, Santa water 60
damage burns enemies after this turn.
That's a three, dude. Wait,
wait.
Holy [__] Do we try to Do we try to
work this in? You think we can get
enough mana for this?
Do you think this is possible?
Cuz that would be one. So, three plus
three. I need like to make six mana. I
need to make six freaking mana.
I would have to play two. I'd need two
to basically, right? I need two to my
That'd be tough. Let's just go draw for
now. We'll go draw on the uh
We'll go draw on the knife.
Might be tough. It might be tough.
Yeah, the draw goes hard. All right,
let's go, Antonio.
>> Let's go.
attack.
>> I don't think we lose this, guys. I
don't think we lose this floor. Oh,
damn. Now we got the toms.
Wait, no. Yeah, I would need I would
need three to be able to play it cuz I
start with three and I need six. 1 +
two, three, and then three to play it.
So, yeah, I need six.
All right,
dude. Yo. Okay, now it's just teasing
me, bro.
Hey. Yeah, you you know that card you
skipped on, dude. It's totally possible.
Totally possible.
You can do it every every draw if you
want, actually.
I mean, that's just I don't like getting
teased like that.
I don't freaking like that, man.
Antonio for your aid.
>> King Bible.
>> I say,
>> dude, we are [__] smoking these guys
right now. Oo, need the zero. It's all
right. You can kill right here.
You can kill right here.
All right, fellas. It's boss time.
It is time. This is the last one, right?
Let's do it, boys.
Okay, good start. Good start. Got the
amounts. We got King Bible and we got
another amount. We got two plus two
amount. Huge,
huge, I tell you. We go whip draw. King
Bible draw.
We go axe 2x empty tome. King Bible
draw. Empty tome. Oh, that would have
been so dirty, dude. We could have got
one more. Holy crap.
>> Stronger.
Antonio
into draw
into whips into King Bible.
He's going to take a spin for now. I
think we got this, guys. All right, lock
in time. Lock in time, fellas. Coming in
for 14. Damn, I should have taken a
zero. Fudge me. Fudge me. It's all
right. That's all right.
Ah, I should have maybe played the draw.
This is going to [__] hurt. Oh, this
is going to hurt.
Okay.
Damn. Kind of unlucky here.
Kind of unlucky here. That's going to
hurt. This is going to hurt. This is
going to hurt.
This is going to hurt. Ow. Ow. Ow.
It's all right. It's all right. Draw.
King Bible. Draw.
Axe amount increase.
Give me a tome. Give me a tome here.
Give me a toone here. GIVE ME A TO HERE.
Oh my god. That's 780 damage though. We
will take that. That's fine. And that's
fine.
That is fine. Okay.
Whip.
Actually, you know what?
I'll do this. Boom. Let's go.
Let's [__] go.
Whoa, dude. We got an evolve.
Oh, so you can evolve him. What? Nice.
Choose a card to sacrifice. Uh, also had
to Okay.
Yo,
there it is, boys.
Let's go.
Oh, man. I got a ton of achievements for
that. 20 light sources. Play King Bible
Card 99 times. Dude,
we got the King James achievement.
Pick up five floor chickens.
Play lots of red items.
Play two dungeons. Dude, let's freaking
go, man. All right, let's see what we
can get right now. We got 1,800.
What we got on the menu?
We could get our exp up even more.
Might just do that.
You know what? I'm going to grab this
damage
and then I'm going to grab
We don't need health if we have more
damage. So, we don't need to waste money
on health. Something trivial like
health.
Um, luck. I wonder how much luck we need
to be able to get four cards as an
option. Guess it could be worth trying
to go for that now.
What else can we afford? We have 1,200
25 more coins per rank. Increase
duration crawler stay by one rank.
You could get the armor evolve wand is
amazing. Yeah, someone said that
earlier. I wanted to get that right
away. Let's see what it does.
I guess maybe
Oh, life after encounter is good.
I guess that does free up having to
worry about like uh
your health, I guess.
Pretty cheap, too. Okay, I'll get it.
I'll trust you. I'll trust you.
Is luck worth it? Like, how much luck do
you have to get to get that fourth card?
It kind of like saves you on a reroll
now. You know what? I could just get two
rerolls. Two more rerolls. [__] it. I'm
going to do that.
Okay.
Rod, rod, rod, rods.
Hey, this is a great game, guys. This is
a great freaking game.
I'm really [__] with Antonio, man.
Kind
of want to try Jinaro once I get some
more money though.
Relics. The Museum of Antiques. Here you
can pursue a collection of relics.
Unlock the ability to add gems to cards.
Oh, cool. So, these are the relics we
got so far. Okay. Nice.
Very cool.
Very cool, guys. This game is [__]
awesome. I really like this. In the
forest, you can find an item to unlock
the arcane cards. Oh, really? Okay.
Oh, okay. Cool. So, got it. Got it. Got
it. Got it. Got it. Do you unlock
different areas of those levels? Okay.
Very cool. Very cool.
Is this maybe where you unlock the
arcane cards in that second level?
Teeny bridge. Bro, I'm [__] loving
this, man. Oh my god. Is it in the
second stage? Okay, [__] yeah. Okay,
fine.
Yo, what time is it? 2:40. [__] dude.
[__] bro. Yo, should we do should I do
one more or And I kind of got to do some
stuff today. Should we do one more or
should should I get the [__] out of
here, guys? All
right, one more. One more. I'm going to
do one more, guys, and then that's it.
Let me take a pee real fast, though. All
right.
All right, one more. One more, guys, and
that's it. And I got to go do my chores,
guys.
My girlfriend freaking cleaned up the
entire kitchen, guys, and I got to make
it up to her today. I got to pull my
weight around here, guys. I have to do
something special for her. So, I can't
be playing video games all day with you
guys.
>> Just freaking be playing games all day.
Got to I got to do stuff to impress my
girlfriend. Yes.
To do really important stuff for her.
Yo, wait. We got fire wand and garlic.
Deal 10 damage to the front row. Disarm.
What is a What is disarm?
Deal 45 damage. fire wands. But I'm kind
of I'm kind of curious what this does.
Taking the ball with Salomar equals
doing chores. Hey, that someone's got to
do it in this damn house, man. Oh, they
can't attack.
Maybe they can't attack or maybe they're
weakens. Um, dude, I'm going to take the
fire on. Hope the garlic comes back
though. Guys, if I don't kick the soccer
ball with Salakmar, you really think
Miss Nan's going to play soccer with
with Salman?
That's a very important chore.
I have to do it. Light to home, too,
man. Oh my god.
I kind of want to see what this garlic
does.
Watching the Madrid game highlights
counts, too. Yeah. Well, what do you
think was going to be on in the
background when we're kicking the soccer
ball? Man, I do need some zeros.
Let's take the kn. Yeah, let's take the
knife. We'll We'll wait. We'll wait.
We'll build up slowly. How we play this
game. We build up nice and slow. Adds
red color trigger.
Oh, that's what Antonio does, right?
Increases area stat.
If we put this on like a zero and then
play like the fire, that could go hard.
Let's put it on Let's put it on the
knife
scale with the uh the reds.
Guys, I'm going to do more than just
play with my dog. I'm going to get us
groceries.
I'm going to do the ultimate hardest
work in the relationship, which is
deciding what we're having for dinner
tonight. Uh I mean, It's a really really
crucial task,
dude. Do we take I'm I'm I'm [__]
taking another one of these, man.
See how it plays.
Kind of maybe we'll get get a armor one
too. Nice.
Knifer Light
game 100% contributing to hemorrhoids
epidemic. Don't play Vampire Crawlers to
the [__] Dude, no. This shit's going
to be so addicting, man.
This is going to be so [__]
addicting.
Did you see the tear down multiplayer? I
did. I haven't tried it yet, though. I
actually really wanted to to play it.
It's so cool they added that.
Dude, do we take the light tome? Do we
take the light to or the knife, guys?
I do have four rerolls, though.
Yeah, Vin Gang tear down would go so
hard, bro. I'll hit them up and see if
they want to. I don't know if Mouser
Connor had played
You go Light. Okay, we'll go with Light,
man. Um, I don't know if they played
tear down.
Oh, yeah. Okay. So, it triggers the
crawler thing. The Right. So, 10 more
damage when a red card is played. That
>> to your aid.
>> To your aid.
>> Whip it. Whip it.
Connor never heard of it. Really?
You never You never played Tear Down.
Palente unlocks the fortune teller's
arconitan in the village. Nice.
[__] nice. Oh, is that the thing led,
dude? Hell yeah, bro.
Welcome.
>> Welcome.
Duplicator amount. Fire one more
projectile. Ooh, wait. That comes in
card form.
Oh, [__] Bubba,
you think Connor's [__] is shaped
like a banana after two weeks of biking?
I mean, more than it was before. Um,
yeah, probably. Dude,
I mean, maybe so, right? Like,
you got to I mean, it's a sacrifice for
the greater good, you know? And I
respect and that's why I respect him.
Let's just see what the duplicator does.
Let's Let's get crazy. Let's not be
afraid and let's go. Let's go [__]
balls to the wall.
Okay. Fires.
A fire one goes [__] mental, mate.
Oh, I love that card.
Oh, dude. Wait. I can do this on the You
can control this with uh the keyboard
with Q and E then W. Nice.
Okay,
we go whip duplicator clover and take
some damage here. Maybe need to think
about some armor.
>> To your aid.
>> Big bad coin.
Who do you think has the biggest [__]
in streaming us? Not who is the biggest
[__] but who has the biggest one.
Yo, evolve
fire plus a spinach,
dude. Uh, yes.
Holy [__] Was that 225 with knockback?
Jabroni, Mike, easy. Yeah, I don't even
know why I asked the question, guys.
Forget I asked.
>> Welcome.
Forget I asked about that.
You all know it's you. No, you guys
don't know that. Y'all have never seen
my [__] You never will. You never
will.
Okay. Magic wand, golden armor, area
light tome.
How would y'all feel about r-rolling
this?
I think magic wand go with duplicator.
Yo, good [__] call, bro.
Good freaking call.
I I like where your head's at. Oh, dude.
This costs three mana.
Luckily.
Boom. Oh my god.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.
He's coming in for four. Damn. We
basically need a tome every time to play
this though until we upgrade our mana.
[__]
>> My strength is yours.
>> [__] dude. Kind of [__] aren't we?
Should have taken the tome.
attack.
Damn, now we get it.
Okay, you're shielding for 60. We go.
Duplicate.
No. Give me the tome. Give me the tome.
Give me the tome.
kill shot.
Oo, we could take another fire wand or
try to go for the tome
and try to be able to play that card.
Um,
the fire wand is so [__] good.
It's like we just can't play this until
I mean I'm assuming there's a place to
get another mana,
you know, a man. Need to add draw to a
zero to get those toms. Yeah, I know. We
need a draw gem, don't we?
We absolutely need that. Haven't really
run into him.
I guess we'll go Yeah, we'll go with the
tome for now. Think we can hold off for
a bit.
Damn, we didn't get a draw. We could go
amount.
We could go amount into
one of these zeros.
Just go with one of these arrows. Save
the other ones for a draw if we can.
Yeah, I was thinking about putting on
the tome, too. Honestly, I maybe should
have.
Dude, this sucks. [__]
This is This is bad. This is bad.
This is bad.
We need some draws, guys. We need some
dang draws now. We got the toss. We need
the dang draws.
We need the dang draws.
We need a drone.
We need a dang draw.
You can have my draws, bro. Thanks. Uh,
send him over, bro. I need him right
now. Oh my god. We are getting fudged.
We are getting
We're getting fudged. Oh my god. huge.
Holy [__] That was in that That That is
exactly what we need.
Okay. Um
That was exactly how we want to play
that.
I wish I could just get a dang draw
socket, mate.
We can We can get gems from these,
right?
Oh god. Oh Jesus. Empty tomb. One mana.
That could be huge.
Duplicator
whip.
Yeah. You think we take the empty toone
for a zero? Yeah. Cuz we just need one.
We just need one to be able to play our
big card.
Increase number of cards dealt to start
a turn. Humongous.
Humongous.
Okay,
just like last time, you know, we start
kind of slow and then we work our way
up.
Start a little slow. Oh my god. See, now
look at all this mana. Now we're not
going to be able to do anything with it.
And that really freaking hurt. And now
we have no mana.
>> My strength is your shield.
>> Okay.
Okay,
>> dude. They are actually teasing me. Oh,
they're teasing me, dude.
Got the kill, though. We are at 34
health, though. They've sacrificed a
lot. Oh, nice. Okay, we got the
mountains increase. Huge.
Huge.
Let's go here first.
Oh.
Damn, no draw still. [__]
See what we can socket these fight
zones.
Yeah, let's reroll. Come on, draw.
Oh, [__] man. Oh, [__] man. I have two
rerolls left.
It was a draw.
I'm doing it. No, wait. return to hand
after returns to hand after playing.
That's kind of cool. I guess that's kind
of like a draw in a weird way. We could
put that on to
just
Let's see. Let's see.
Yo, Magi, thank you so much for the
resub. Appreciate it, bro. Thank you so
much for 10 months. I'm going to do the
craziest play or stay.
You [__] with that, man? You [__] with
that?
Do you [__] with that?
That is what we need, guys. Growth gain
15% XP.
Cool. Add two mana.
I guess that you just kind of grab this
and play it. Get the XP. Chill.
Chill. Um, you know what? I'm I'm just
going to take that. [__] it.
That means more cards for us later.
Go.
Worn purse.
Damn. Where' those dang tomes at?
Where are those dang at?
>> To your aid.
Oh, dude. You can combo into that.
That's sick. So, now we get 30% XP.
That's [__] awesome.
>> That's really cool. Okay, taking a
little bit of damage there,
man. I really don't have too much
cohesion right now, fellas. Feeling a
little
little weak. We just need to fill in a
few gaps.
Oh my god, that that is clutch actually
though. We just need to fill in a few
gaps.
Now we have a a ton of XP coming our
way, which is perfect. Okay, we go.
Boom.
Okay. Okay.
I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good.
Go.
They're coming in for five. All good. We
go
stronger.
>> Duplicate.
Got a ton of armor. There we go. Oh my
gosh.
Oh my gosh. I wish I had a one and a two
here to get like a full full freaking
combo. That'd be so cool.
We go bing.
We go long to get the increased red.
Huge. Huge.
Antonio
light time.
Okay. At least we're safe. At least
we're safe. Damn. Never get the tone
when we need it. Huh.
Okay. Ah.
Ow. Wait. I could have done that better,
I think.
Damn, man.
>> Okay, huge.
Okay,
now we are getting a lot of duplicated
items, so maybe a Bible here wouldn't be
bad.
TBH.
And we kind of need some ones in
between. So, I'm going to I'm going to
take the Bible here.
Yeah. For some damage, right? Like
now if we can just get some draw
sockets.
The card always benefits from combo. Oo.
Okay. Oh, evolve the wands. Deal armor
as damage when played. Ooh, that's cool.
I don't know if we'll Hm.
card always benefits from combo. That's
really cool.
We could evolve the wand though. We just
get rid of a tome.
Yeah,
let's do it. We'll get rid of ah
definitely not the return to obviously
the light tome.
Yeah, we'll just get rid of the light
tome.
Okay.
Well, now maybe we can pick up a tome.
But at least we'll, you know, we're
going to have a evolved wands. And hey,
look, we're still getting toss, guys.
And then we'll return that
to boom.
Uh,
I just
returns to hand after playing. So, I
already played it, right? So, like I
just end my turn and we'll have it. Uh,
what the fudge? Did I need to play it
again? Uh, what the [__] What the [__]
What the [__] hell?
One, two. No, I didn't have enough for
Oh, [__] I'm dumb.
Oh, if I had that tome, dude. [__]
[__] man.
Oh, I played it and then it already
returns. Is that what happens? Ah, damn.
Damn. Returns immediately.
Not for the Oh, I see. Not for the next
turn.
It just comes back so you can play it
again. Okay. Okay. Damn, I misunderstood
that. [__]
>> Stronger.
>> Oh well, now we know. Now we know.
All good. All good. Add three. Okay.
Well, now here's another. Here's a Oh my
god. Oh my god, fellas.
Oh, heavens to Betsy.
Oh my lord. And it's got two sockets,
dude. I'm taking it, bro. [__] it.
Like, this thing is going to be juiced
to high heavens, brother.
Okay, we go. One, two, three. Right.
One,
two, three.
Holy
guacamole.
I guess we just go for the uh we go. No,
we go one.
I'm not going to have enough to play it
if I play that. So, I got to go.
There we go. Little weird. Little weird,
man. We really need some draws, dude. If
we have some draws.
Oh, dude. We killed.
Nice.
Ooh, the axe or the light tome
by
what the fudge do you think we we should
do, fellas?
My lords and ladies,
light tome. We kind of got the light
tome, weighty tome, empty tome. Maybe we
have enough for mana. We really need
draws. Either the king bible or the axe
or we do have a roll.
Having the axe at two could be dec.
We're at like seven amount every time.
So like
Yeah. And the red cards do synergize
well.
I'm taking the axe.
And we just have a few gaps. We fill
those gaps. We are unstoppable. Dude,
where is the freaking draw card?
Where's the freaking
Oh my god. We could put a return in the
Is that crazy?
We play two to get three.
We have three.
Play it. That even work.
Would that be [__] Is that stupid?
Let's add
Yeah. Can you loop it? Would like would
that work?
You pay two.
We get three
comes back.
What what
would you get, dude?
Oh, it only returns once. Returns to
hand after playing. Uh, only once. So,
we we'd still get more mana out of it,
though, right?
Like we'd still get an additional mana
by doing that.
So that would be kind of decent. No,
what if we did a return on it with the
mana and Oh, wait. No, we only get one.
That's right,
bro. No, I'm I Let's just see what
happens. Now, this is a crazy play.
This is a crazy freaking play. I mean,
this this could be this could be they
might have to patch the game. They might
have to patch this out, guys.
This might This might This might break
the whole freaking balance of of the
damn game. Okay, Sprigo Spinach deal 20%
more damage.
King Bible.
And we need a draw, bro. We need to draw
so freaking bad.
Bible. Maybe. How many zeros do we have?
I really wish I could see my deck. Feel
like there's got to be a way to see my
deck. No.
Do a reroll. Duplicate.
A duplicate.
[__] dude. Maybe whip just for the
synergy.
Look down.
It's winking at me.
Fudge. Fudge. Fudge.
Fudge. Nuggets. Sorry for cursing.
You think whity?
Feel like that's really all we we could
take, huh?
I think you're right, bro. I think
you're right.
Get some damage. I mean, if we get if we
just get some dang sockets.
Damn.
We'll just do this to be safe.
[__] Need to find a freaking mana mana
gem. Get one more lifetime mana. Okay,
so here's what we do. We go whip. We get
four mana back.
>> We go duplicator.
I can't get up to I can't combo it.
[__]
All right, though.
Okay, see we we have we have some stuff
cooking up. We just need to fill a few
gaps.
Let's go. Duplicator
knife King Bible. Like if we had a draw
on the King Bible.
Yo, Nik Kaisen, thank you so much for
the 6 months, bro. Appreciate it, man.
Appreciate that, bro. Ooh, garlic.
Garlic.
Can we try the garlic? I'm I'm going to
try it. I'm going to try it. Yeah, it
looks like it only bounces one per turn.
That's fine.
Let's try the garlic. Okay.
Is what we do. Dude, we really need a
draw. We need a draw on this, man.
If we get a draw on this, cuz what? We
get to play. We get two draws. No,
with a return.
Okay, we go boom.
Boom.
I mean, we just can't really do anything
else.
Unfortunate.
We got two. So, we go axe.
We just got a few little gaps. A few
little gaps.
Okay, we got the tome here. We got the
tome. We go.
Knife
empty tone
54 432. We go
like we can almost get there. Almost get
there.
If we go
whip or long. Yeah, there we go. Hey
Josh. Yo, what's good man? Yo, long time
no see, bro. What the hell is going on,
brother? How you been, man?
Oh, oh, oh. Oh. What is going on here?
What have I done?
Oh, this will be worth it, guys.
Okay, what do we go for?
We go for a zero here. We go for a zero
or a maybe a king five. Um we go for the
weighty tome. We dude we do it.
Oh my god. So that'd be two draws. No.
Oh my god. This is crazy. No. That's
crazy. Holy fudge, man. Now we may have
just broken the game.
They enjoy this run while last. They're
patching this [__] out, guys. They are
patching this out. All right. All right.
Oh my god. And we got it, dude. And we
[__] got it. Could we go? No, we
can't. We can't. I was thinking combo
into it. Dude, if we just get our mana
threshold increased by one, we can do
some crazy [__] We can do the one, two,
three. I think we just got to play it
from the start. And we do get a draw.
And I can play it again to draw again,
right?
Wait, what if we go like this? What if
we go like this?
One, two, three. We could go one, two,
three, and we probably get more mana.
No. And another draw.
Two.
We add nine mana, dude. And then we draw
again. And then hopefully we get a one
so we can play the axe in the combo.
Okay. Okay. I probably should have just
went for the axe for the damage, but
still, that's kind of cool. At least we
can play everything. Have 10 mana, dude.
Oh my god.
Not much, homie. No, it's been a long
ass time. Might be. I'm a pro lurker.
Oh, dude. No, it's all good, man. Just
wanted to raid. Someone haven't in a
while. I'm going to go vibe. Oh, thank
you so much, bro. I hope you had a great
stream, man. Appreciate it, bro. We're
just playing some vampire crawlers. Came
out today. It's been
>> your shield.
>> God, it's been a lot of fun. I I'm
really liking it.
Let's go. armor and then
Okay. Okay.
Ooh, Bubba. We go whip into light tome
for four. Oh my god, dude. And then we
go, watch this. Holy [__] One, two,
three. Holy
Oh my god. The gaps have been filled.
Holy
[__] Loz.
Um,
uh, maybe a wand or or m fire wands or
magic wands. I feel like we have a few
zeros.
I feel like maybe we take the fire
wands.
We got one, two, three, four zeros.
One, two, three, wait. One, two, three,
four, five, six. No, no, wait. Sorry. 1
2 3 4 5 zeros. And we have 1 2 3 No, no,
no. 1 2 3 4 5 six. And then we have 1 2
3 4. Yeah, let's take a one. Let's take
a one. R ones.
Dude,
that that now we just do that play every
single time and then we we we beat this
floor easy.
>> Stronger.
We need some more draws though. If we
can get some more draws, like this is
going to be insane.
>> Okay,
the return on the tome is [__] crazy
though. Like that goes that goes hard as
fudge.
Let's try to get our draw. Oh my god, we
got the garlic. Maybe we play it again
to get another draw. Maybe we can get a
zero here. Unfortunately, we did not get
the zero, but we maybe go.
If I go fire wands, that's three. And
then I'll have enough to play the armor.
Feel like that's probably what we do.
Oh, wait. No, we can disarm them. High
chance of preventing a single enemy
attack.
>> Stop. Dude, look. They're only hitting
for two now. Now we go holy wands. Oh my
god, bro. Oh my god. Can a combo start
if you start with one instead of zero?
Yeah. Yeah, I think as long as your next
one is two, I think the combo still
goes, which is pretty cool. It's just I
think you get more of a a ramp if you
start from zero.
Oh, dude. See, they didn't want to give
us a tome on this one cuz they know we'd
go crazy. Huh, guys? Fudge.
Damn. We can only do the fire once.
Oh, no. No. They're trying to nerf us
now.
I think that's how it works. I'm not
sure though.
Here we go. Tome. Empty tome.
Light to a
dude.
Bro, I they they really designed this
game really nicely. Like, I'm absolutely
loving this.
All right, let's get a draw gem. Draw a
gem. Yes.
Okay, maybe we add this to
What are we thinking here? Maybe a zero.
Probably just like a whip. Either a whip
or a King Bible. Let's go whip for now.
I I really really do like the mana
combo.
Oh my. No, it's over, dude. It's [__]
over.
Like, it's just [__] over. I always
love mana ramping in these types of
games.
Um, let's go here first.
Okay, now we're unstoppable.
We didn't get a zero unfortunately.
So, let's go.
Now, let's go. Holy wands hellfire.
Oh my god.
Maybe we take the crown here, huh?
Get some more XP.
We got two floors, guys. Two floors. I
think we're doing okay.
Okay, we go.
Whip
damage.
Okay.
Draw one card. Destroy. Okay. Sick.
Sick.
Um, maybe we can get a tome here.
Nice.
And that's free to play.
Fire wands, coins. Boom.
We got the XP growth now. Now we go the
whip draw.
Whip draw into light tome
into light tome. Axe hellfire. Oh my
god,
dude. We get one roast chicken and we're
unstoppable.
Okay, maybe we need some more zeros,
huh? Let's go.
We can still play the holy wand. So
maybe we go garlic
holy wand. That way they can attack.
Oh my god, the weighty toone. Play that
immediately. Actually, no. You know
what? I probably could play into it now
that I have the third mana. So, we get
even more mana. So, let's go.
What draw?
Big bag.
Golden armor. Weighty tome. Draw.
Oh, I needed a one. [__] Ah, I should
have waited for the armor. That way we
could have gotten the big ass uh
hit that though.
We got the big axe. Okay, let's see what
we got here, guys. So, we got another
weighty tome,
increase might stat,
one more projectile, hollow hearts.
Mantis hits hard, so be careful. Okay.
Okay.
Maybe he might. I mean, we have a lot of
unsocketed stuff.
We get more health. We got two more
floors. More health wouldn't be bad.
duplicate.
What are y'all feeling on this?
Healing socket seems good. Harder might
maybe. Yeah, maybe we take the might,
huh?
My axe.
Let's go. Might axe. I like that.
[__] love that.
All right, Mantis coming up, guys.
Mantis coming up. All right, here we go.
Here we go. He's coming in for 14. We
need some armor. [__] We need some
armor, don't we? I mean, we could maybe
kill with the hellfire.
Oh, we just don't have it, too. [__]
Can we kill? [__] No. We're going to
take some damage here, guys.
[__]
Oh no. No. No. Knock back. Oh my god. Oh
my god. Thank you, God.
>> My strength is your shield.
>> Yes. Beautiful.
Okay. Deal armor as damage when played.
If the card would reduce mana to zero,
receive double mana instead. Oh my god,
this card always benefits from combo.
Ooh, that could be good on
uh maybe none of those
rebate.
Wish I had a bigger card to play it on,
right?
It's not bad though.
Wait, if this card would reduce mana to
zero, receive double mana instead. So,
we would just get two, right?
Cuz we'd be at one. We play one times
two. So, we just get two. We go back to
two, which is I mean that's not bad.
Card always benefits from a combo. This
could be good if we don't have a zero
sometimes, which like sometimes we don't
have zero. So, I feel like this is
probably better
to chain the combos cuz they're just so
powerful. Um, what would benefit the
most from this? I guess maybe the garlic
always benefits from the combo. So, it's
going to buff it up. Maybe garlic.
Maybe either garlic or king bible.
Look at how much the R1 goes up from the
combo.
You thinking garlic? Yeah, I'm I'm I
think garlic's a good idea, too, bro.
Yeah, we got we got more than enough
mana, right? We We ain't got to worry.
All right, guys. Nice. We got the might
increase. Huge. Got two floors. This is
it. Last two floors. All right. Let's
see what we got here. We go on this.
Go. Light to light.
Holy wand.
Baby knife.
Nice. We got the chicken. Full.
Oh, that [__] feels so good, guys.
Nice. Light tone. Light tone. Holy
wounds whip.
Okay, we got the
We go with draw
garlic axe.
Knife.
We love it. And we love it. Don't we
love it?
Don't we love it?
Armor.
Let's maybe go boom boom boom.
Get a draw. Get another draw.
Oh, I should have played the king
battle.
Yo, we're starting to get these chains
though, guys. We're starting to get
those dang chains. Don't think we'll be
able to play the health fire in a combo.
We can go knife wands. Holy wands.
Oh, holy night.
Bracer and increase by one.
Oh.
And we're playing that right freaking
now. And we're playing that right
freaking now.
Chad, I think we can do this.
We took some risk with with this build
and now we are being rewarded.
>> To your aid.
Let's go for the draw. Got a whip drawen
armor.
Then maybe we go for the
we're going to get nine mana from this
or deal 220 or the 750. Ah, you think we
we think we're going to get a a one two?
I think we'll get a one two from the
draw. No, no, no. We need a zero one
two. Maybe we just go straight for
damage.
That'll be two. But I won't have enough
to play this. I ah I [__] have to go
for this.
I won't have enough cuz
Do you think the scale damage is going
to be more than if I play both of them?
Guess it depends what we draw, huh? [__]
it. I'm This could be stupid. Oh, that
was stupid. That was stupid.
This the scaling is really really just
the best, huh?
Like it's just really freaking good.
If you get those combos
kind of like feel like it's like the
best part. Damn, I really need that that
dang
that dang maneone.
Okay, here's what we do. Here's what we
do.
Huge
Draw
by
knifeu
golden armor. Holy wand. Oh, holy night.
King Bible
axe
level up. Okay, we got another return.
We do have this Santa water now, dude.
Oh my god. I feel like we grab this now.
I feel like this could get sort of
busted.
Like we're kind of juicing.
Said short stream, but beating Battle
Buddy is more important.
That's why I'm a supporter. Yes, this is
this is not about my love of vampire
crawlers. This is about my love of not
having to play Chud Thunder with Battle
Buddy and getting my streamer hours up.
Dude, let's take let's let's evolve the
knife. Get rid of the bracer.
Holy [__] Holy [__] [__]
Yeah, I actually don't even like this
game. I just like it more than the idea
of playing Chud Thunder with Battle
Buddies. So,
>> Antonio golden armor.
Not exactly what we needed there. Ooh,
that's three. Okay, we really need to be
ramping,
which I think we can do here, fellas.
Oh my god, look at this. Oh my god.
No, dude. I'm getting scared. I'm scared
of my my power now. I'm I'm getting
scared.
I'm starting to get scared.
Farewell.
I want to see that thing hit at the end
of a combo. It's going to be crazy. Um,
get our mana back.
What do you guys think here?
What are we What are we missing?
What the freak are we missing here?
Duplicator could be chill.
Does Battle Buddy even know many
military secrets? I think he does, man.
I think Battle Buddy is one of like a
top security clearance Fed, to be
honest.
We need more twos for the combo.
Dude, I really wish there's got to be a
way to see all my cards. No.
I feel like we actually kind of are
missing some twos, huh? We got one, two,
take the axe. [__] it, dude.
Let's get a draw. We got three, so maybe
we go
hellfire.
It just scares me that he's supposed to
be making airplanes safer, but watch his
streams while working. What if he
forgets a bolt? Yeah, that's what we
were talking about earlier. It's like
he's kind of
>> turn my magic.
>> Ooh, yes. Oh, she gives XP, right?
Yeah. Like he's kind of like supposed to
be in charge of like creating airplanes,
like making sure that they're able to
fly in the sky. And he's watching a male
VTuber. It just feels kind of weird,
right?
This feels kind of strange.
Like, does it make you feel safe that
>> power
>> people like
working on your airplane is watching a
male feature? But I that makes me feel
[__] terrified,
dude. Dude, I got 18 mana that turn.
Holy [__]
Damn. I need some zero.
Let's go. They coming in 46. We'll kill
him though. Boom.
Holy mons. Boom.
Is it It's gay to acknowledge a guy.
That's actually true. That's actually
true.
>> Stronger.
>> He's actually right about that.
He's actually right about that. That's
what's funny.
Duplicate a
No, we're beating this, dude. We're
[__] beating this. I feel like whip
and then we go.
What would Axion's dad think of Battle
Buddy? Um,
I feel like they
feel like they'd love each other. Get
the crown. Get that XP. I feel like they
would uh
maybe maybe even fall in love. Whoa.
What the [__] is this?
Oh god. 15.
Okay, we can get
>> my strength is your shield.
>> We got armor. We got armor.
>> Here we go. We're going to take a little
bit here.
>> Ow.
Okay,
>> got nine mana here.
Huge, huge, huge
one.
Probably want to take I'm going to have
one plus two. No, we go this
empty tome.
Maybe we get the armor. You think we get
the knock back on this?
I'm scared. I'm scared.
I'm going armor. Oh, man. Maybe I should
have just went for the knock back.
No. [__] it. Who the [__] cares? Who the
[__] cares? Who the [__] was that guy?
Okay, this card always benefits from the
combo. Let's take this.
Um,
maybe a fire wand here.
All right.
Well, what is this? Mana sacrifice a
card.
Oh my, dude. Maybe just the No. No. We
kind of want the zero though.
I don't know if I want to get rid of
that.
Maybe the axe.
Oh, wait. Got stuff down here, too.
Maybe a Oh, no. Those are socketed.
Maybe the unsocketed axe
or an armor.
These are all socketed. Definitely don't
want to get rid of any of those.
I say either empty tome, axe, or golden
armor.
Oh no. King Bible. King Bible.
Let's go. Unsocketed axe. [__] it.
Could
probably get another one soon. It's not
a big deal.
Huge.
Humongous war.
Okay, maybe we go
boom.
Oh no, I should have went Santa to
water. [__] [__] I forgot that's how
that works. I always benefit from the
combo thing.
Actually
just going to take the armor, dude.
I [__] that up.
Whip light to draw.
>> To your aid.
Draw. Garlic.
Nice.
Dude, a,000 damage. Oh my god.
Okay, well, we can get our axe back.
That's what we're going to do.
Okay, last fight of this floor. Let's do
it big, guys.
Let's go. Whip, knife, king by the
attack.
Holy [__]
Oh.
Dude,
man. And we could almost do the craziest
if we just have one more mana. Oh my
god.
All right. All right. All right. All
right. All right. All right. Wrong.
Definitely did not want to do that.
That was my bad, guys. My bad. Let's go
to first here. Get the draw
and another please.
And then let's go.
Beautiful. And we go Antonio
Light.
Light wand. And one last one last guy.
Dude, I love this deck that we have
right now.
Light to
fire.
Yo, promo. Love this game, dude. It's so
good, right? This is actually my first
day playing it. I didn't play the demo
yet. Wanted to go in completely blinds.
I freaking love it, dude. I absolutely
love it. It's so gosh darn fun.
Oh, he gives me junk just like Slayless
Fire. Oh man. Destroy on use. Draw one
card. Wait, that's actually not bad.
It's not bad at all.
Got the weighty tome.
Let's go whip.
Fire wands. Weighty tome again.
Darlic axe
draw.
How's this compare to slay the spire 2?
You know, man,
I I'd say like I don't know what which
one to say like I like better. Oh, dude.
We just get
compared to Slay the Spire 2.
This has a different combo scheme. I I I
hope that you're not like
more limited
because of that and that you play the
one, two, three. So, I don't know how
much the build variety would be compared
to like a Slay the Spire. I think maybe
Slay the Spire might have more depth in
that area in terms of the different
build varieties. You know what I mean?
Like completely different BL, you know,
like region plays so much different than
the Necrobinder. Like there's just, you
know, where this one you're still kind
of trying to go for the one, two, three
mana combos. Um, I think a Slay the
Spire is is
could have more like replayability,
long-term depth, I guess. But I've also
only been playing this for a few hours,
so I don't know what I'm going to unlock
in this.
So, I I really really don't know.
Empire Survivor seems kind of basic at
first, but then you start getting into
unlocks and arcas and Darkas. Yeah. like
like I'm I'm sure there's like so much
I'm going to unlock. With that said, I
really really like the actual crawling
traversal of this. I really really do
like that. Uh you know, like clearing
the map I think is very fun. You know,
you don't really do that in Slay the
Spire outside of just like going down
the forked paths, which is really fun.
But I really like the presentation of
this. I feel like I like it more than
Slay the Spire in in that regard. But I
think they play different enough that
you really need to play both.
Um I I think they're different enough.
It's not just like a Slay the Spire
clone. It's doing its own thing for
sure.
But yeah,
kind of hard to compare them both.
They're, you know, they're really
similar in that, you know, they they're
they're deck builders, right? Like
rogike deck builders. But I think it's
different enough that you you definitely
got to give this a try, especially if
you like Slay the Spire.
Why Why choose between both? Let's just
play both, you know? Let's just get
crazy and play both. I'm going to get a
Socket Gem. We'll go King Bible on this.
Refunds mana on play. Oh my god. I think
we just go for the damage here, guys.
I think we just go for the red damage,
boys. Last floor.
If it's got crazy depth VS had, this
will go deep, I'm betting. Yeah. Yeah, I
I think so.
I definitely think so.
Okay. Okay. Not the best start. Not the
best start. Let's get the weighty to.
Let's get our draws.
Go for the M.
>> Yeah. You don't choosing between Slay of
Spire 2 Vampire Pros is my Vietnam.
Yeah, you know, just get both. You I
think this game is only like $8.99 or
something. It's like really [__]
cheap.
Like actually
I think I Oh, is it 10 bucks? I wonder
if I got a discount cuz I like it was
like a bundle or something. I think if
you have Vampire Survivals,
something like that, you get a a
discount. I'm not sure,
but like dude, for $8.99, I mean, Slay
the Spire is like 30 bucks. I think I
think it warrants that. I mean, that
game is just [__] it's so wellm made.
It's so [__] good. Um,
you know, for $8.99, like, bro, it's
kind of hard to beat that, huh? Kind
of hard to beat that.
All right, guys. Just a few more.
Also, it's 10% off if you own Vampire
Survivors. Okay, sick. Is Vampire
Survivor still just like a few dollars?
I feel like when when Mouse first told
me about it, it was like two two or
three bucks.
You should see Nen's masterpiece. Oh,
wait. Is she playing Tomodachi Life? I
want to see. I'm I'm going to raid into
her after this. I'm excited. Excited to
see what what the bot trick she's
making. She said she has a she is making
a reverse hit list of people she wants
to add into Tomodachi life.
No, it's actual art. Oh, is she Is she
like drawing something?
>> Oh god, I got to see.
She Yeah, she told me she was going to
work on her uh reverse hit list today of
people that she wants to add in. I think
she said she was going to add in Mr.
Connor, Mr. Mr. dog uh and make him
obsess with wingstop
and and draw in a wing stop food for him
to eat in a game. Make him like obsess
over it.
Increase area stat. You know what? I
might just grab this and see what the
[__] this does.
If only she would fix her MI. Dude, her
MI is so [__] ugly. Like it is
horrible to look at
genuinely.
I have enough mana for that.
Okay.
Whip.
Wety tone. Wet your tone.
Need to be a little careful here. Little
careful here.
Let's grab
I'm just going to grab the armor. I'm
scared. Easy combo. Nice.
Yo, Vanit, thank you so much for the
year, bro. Appreciate it, man. Thank you
so much. I'm going to dedicate this win
to all the lovely lords and ladies of
the castle, guys. We are definitely
beating this floor, right?
Appreciate it, guys.
Um,
let's go.
Golden armor.
I'm not going to have enough to play the
Santa water. Am I fudge?
All right, that's all right. Nice rot.
No, this game is incredibly addicting,
dude.
It's It's very very good.
Go for that.
We will go for We'll go for that.
A little bit more. Little bit more.
There we go. Vampire Survivors is 4.99
base, but there is also 16 DLCs now. Oh,
there's 16 DLC's.
I actually haven't played Vampire
Survivors in a a minute. I haven't seen
like a lot of the stuff they added.
That's crazy though. Jesus.
>> To your
take a little bit of damage here.
Oh god. Okay, I got to be careful. Whip
armor ax.
I wish I could see my whole deck.
Oh, mate.
Guys, what the [__] do you think we do
here? Maybe an armor.
I'm scared, bro. I'm scared.
I'm scared.
[__] terrified.
Feel
like we just go we take a zero here.
I picked it back up after forever
recently. Apparently one of the latest
DLCs is Bellatro theme. Really? Yeah. I
thought they Yeah, they did like
Castlevania at one point too, right?
Isn't there supposed to be like a 40k
like Vampire Survivors coming out? Isn't
it like a collab or like a standalone
game or something? Armor since the one
probably can't kill any mobs. We'll take
the armor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm scared. We have 28
healthies. They're coming in for 12.
Let's go.
Nice.
Let's go for the disarm maybe or the
knock back.
We go garlic disarm.
Fire wand. Easy combo.
We're going to take four. [__] [__]
Yeah, they're coming in for 10
draw. Golden armor.
Oh no, I should have played the axe.
[__] [__] [__] [__] [__] [__]
[__]
What the fudge am I doing, dude?
Luckily, we won't take any damage
though.
Okay, coming in for eights.
Okay, we're good. We're good. We're
good.
>> I've spent 45 months in the hospital.
When is it time for my candy, sir? Ah.
Who said now? Who said that? Who said
that?
I have no idea who the heck that is.
I've never met that man in my entire
life. And what what is this about a
hole?
What kind What What are you talking
about,
dude? I'm freaking scared. I'm freaking
freaked.
We get a kill here. S
the knock back. Huge. Huge.
I can't take any more damage.
>> To your aid.
Okay, we are protected here.
We got this, guys. We got this. We
freaking got this.
>> Whip draw.
Garlic.
Holy ones. Oh, thank God.
Oh, the center has ongoing damage.
Seems my path is blocked.
Okay, we got some health.
All right, let's go clear the last of
these out, guys.
All right, I really need to lock in.
Okay, go go go.
Let's get a million mana points.
Let's see how much mana we can get.
Holy fudge, dude. That was the craziest
turn we've ever had.
Dude, maybe we go garlic for the disarm.
Okay, now we just need to hit that combo
every time.
>> My strength is your shield.
Huge
huge
duplicate.
>> Thank god the knock back. Thank god.
Thank god. Okay. Whip draw. Whip draw.
Armor. Wands.
Garlic.
Dude, we got this. We [__] got this.
I'm nervous, man. I'm freaking nervous.
Okay, coming in for four.
>> Stronger.
>> Antonio,
I say
child's play. Really?
Let's get our tome out.
Let's go. Let's go.
You're daydreaming about Goro and Nen's
Tamadachi life. Oh, dude. That's just
like real life.
It's actually how most of my day goes. I
just daydream about Michael Goro and
Miss Nen
all day. Every day.
really no different than my my normal
everyday life.
Is it gay to dream daydream about your
family?
Is it gay to love and daydream about
your family, guys? If so, then [__] it,
dude. I'm the gayest man alive. I'll say
it. I'm not ashamed.
Not ashamed at all.
If it's gay to sit and daydream and love
your family all day, then I'm [__]
Elton John, man.
>> Okay, I don't give a [__] I don't care
who hears it, dude.
Do we take another light tome here,
boys? I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Give
me the tome. Give me the toone. Give me
the tome. Give me the toone.
Crazy turn right there. Holy [__] man.
>> To your aid.
>> Yes,
>> dude. Knock back.
>> I say,
>> dude. We are [__]
>> We're [__] these guys up.
Let's go. All right, a few more fights,
guys. Few
more fights.
Grab this.
Increase amount stat return to hand
after playing. Oh my god. Do we put that
in the tome again?
I mean, is that crazy? I'm doing it,
bro.
Unlimited mana.
I meant to grab that light source first
as [__]
Yeah, the deck feels like it has some
synergy. Like took a little while to get
it going, but honestly, I'm I'm feeling
good on this right now.
>> To your aid.
>> Oh [__] A man. Wait, I need to be
careful. I need to be careful. Coming in
for 10. They're coming in for 10.
have that.
>> Hey, we good. We good. We good.
Draw golden armor.
Solid. Solid.
Easy.
Okay.
Grab this.
It'd be kind of nice if we could maybe
get one heal before this final fight,
but
increased damage. Huge.
All right, let's see what we can get.
Gus,
we just burn it. Yeah, maybe we just
burn this up. Huh?
The thing is that this is like a nice
this is kind of a nice item to have
because it lets us go into any combo
with this W is really nice. So it
basically like any number.
So we could get rid of an armor
to just have the plus two armor forever.
What do y'all think?
How many returns and draws you have on
tomes? You could keep mana farming.
Yeah, it feels good. It does feel good.
Loyer going to get destroyed anyway.
They would give 20% and 10%.
Should I do it here?
Armor's fine though.
Should we do the golden armor?
Cuz like this this wild is just so nice
to have.
Let's do it. Let's do it. We get the
permanent armor. God, we just made a
massive mistake. All right, guys. This
is the last fight before the boss.
We got this. We got this. We [__] got
this.
Damn. No attacks.
Just get the defense.
Yeah.
garlic.
We need the knock back.
Okay. Um,
just going to take the knife,
armor, fire wands,
weighty tome,
weighty tome. Oh, I should have played
the holy wand. Fudge me. Wait, I can go
to kill everything. Oh, there we go.
Boom. Flow card, dude.
>> Holy [__]
>> Oh, battle buddies here, dude. We were
just talking about you, man.
All right, guys. Last fight.
Oh my god. I think we can do this. We
don't have much health, but I think
we're going to be all right.
I think we're going to be all right. I
didn't miss anything on the map. This is
it, guys.
In a really cool way, dude. Yeah.
Yeah. We were talking about you in a
really cool way. We were saying, dude,
we were saying so many cool things, man.
All right, boys.
This is it. This is it. This is it. We
go. Whip draw.
King Bible.
Empty tome. Lighttome.
Not the craziest scale there.
Whip. Lighttome. Lighttome.
Axe might
axe red.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Let's go. Wait to first.
Let's go like this. Get the double.
And then we'll be able to play the holy
holy wands. Oh my god, dude.
Okay, coming in for 15. We go whip
projectile.
Golden armor
sent armor. Armor. We're just going to
take three here.
Oh, no. No. No. We're good. We're good.
Increase might staff fire one. Let's
increase might on knife.
Okay, we're good. We're good. We're
good. Nice.
Carly.
This is it.
Yo, Death Bunny, thank you so much for
28, bro. Appreciate it, man.
Thanks, bro. Thanks, Freaky ass. Freaky
ass, bro.
We just go for the draw here.
See what we can get first.
Can't scale into it. Okay.
Hellfire
Antonio
water.
Nice. No attack from him. He's coming in
for 14.
Empty tome.
Do we go for the armor here? I'm just
going to go for the armor. Oh my god.
One, dude. This kills. Yes.
That was,
100 damage.
Yes.
I really like this card, man, for the
that gem.
All right. All right. And then we unlock
the uh the arcane, right?
Oh, yeah. I should have cashed out.
Yeah, I forgot. It's the end of the
[__] That was dumb.
Let's go. Reached level 25. Nice, dude.
Uh, let's go to the shop real fast.
Guys, what a freaking what a freaking
great game.
I'm gonna grab the XP.
I'm going to grab.
I'm going to grab the damage and the XP.
Oh, [__] Every time I forget about
buying the uh the other crawler.
Did we unlock anybody else? Yes, we did.
Add 20 area when Po is played. Draw one
card when a blue card is played.
Dude.
Oh yeah, the tent. That's what we
unlocked, right? Step right up for all
things Arcana related. Ooh.
And another play. 150 freetoplay cards.
Double healing. Doubles any healing
effects.
Increase mana every 100 cards. Oh my
gosh.
Keep up to five mana between turns. Oh
my.
Deal armor. Wa. So, are these just like
uh passives that stick on you?
I kind of like this dude for our last
build. That would have been insane.
That is [__] man.
Let me just see what else is on the map
now. How this works exactly. Okay, cool.
So, we can keep clearing out the woods.
Oh, dude. [__] yeah.
Bridge. So, how many how many layers are
on each level? Do you guys know? Is it
just three?
That would be the next one we do. Oh my
gosh, dude. Yeah, this is awesome.
Yeah, I'm definitely going to use that
that carryover mana for this. Try to go
for the same build again.
I have forest and a lead berserk. Maybe
it's just three each.
All right, guys. What a treat. What an
absolute treat this game was. Um, I
think I'm going to call it for here. I'm
going to go do my special task. Let's go
ahead and raid Miss Nan and see what
she's up to. Guys, I will not be live
tomorrow. I will not be live tomorrow.
Yo, Death Bunny girl, thank you for the
tithe. Appreciate it, bro.
No, don't don't you dare end stream. I
just got home. Oh, bro, who's going to
tell Battle Buddy about the special
tasks I have to do? Guys, I I got chores
to do.
>> I hope 420 yesterday for you and Nan was
awesome. Also, speaking of those retro
games we saw on Game today, if I may
ask, what retro consoles did you grow up
with?
>> For me, it was mostly Nintendo's like
SNES, N64, Gamecube, and Wii.
>> Dude, I grew up with the NES, man. Like,
my my brothers are way older than I am.
So, I grew up with all their systems.
So, like I was I was on the OG NES. My
brother had like a gaming PC um that he
built. So, like I was I was on PC, NES,
uh Sega, SNES, N64,
we had PS1, PS2. Like
my my brother closest in age to me is
like 8 years older. So, he was at the
perfect age to like, you know, save his
own money, get his own systems, and like
let me play on it. So, I got to play
luckily, you know, every everything that
he had. So, I I got to My first memories
of gaming was uh like Contra on the NES.
Contra Super Mario 3 on the NES.
Uh first game that I really like
got into and played a ton of was
probably Mario 3. Super Mario 3. That's
like my earliest memory. Contra was just
like way too hard when I was a kid. But
yeah, NES, bro. I'm a true old head. I
wasn't alive when it came out, but I was
alive when we had it in the house. So,
like I feel I feel so lucky. Like I got
to experience like the start of gaming.
It was sick.
Yeah. Contra is so it's such a classic.
Such a classic.
That like first level is ingrained in my
brain because I would always die and go
back to it. Yeah, man. Just too too
freaking fun. So, I really loved I
really I think the N64 is what like
broke my brain in terms of like how
much I love gaming. Like that and
probably the PS1 like seeing 3D graphics
for the first time was like
it just I I fell in love like after
that. It was probably like Super Mario
64 where I was like dude like no I'm I'm
I'm hooked on this [__] Mario 3 stream.
Oh my god, that'd be so fun. I really I
I don't play many sides scrolling games.
Like it's been a it's been a minute, but
like I think the old Marios like feel
like they'd still hold up.
I think I actually I actually like the
SNES Mario the best. Probably
Super Mario World, I think. Is that what
it's called?
Mario movie stream. It'd be fun to go
back. I mean, it's been so long. I don't
think I ever really beat Mario 3, to be
honest. That would be fun. Honestly,
I guess those days are behind you. Yeah.
[__] dude. [__] man. Yeah. I I feel I
felt very lucky growing up, dude.
I'll never forget
like finding the Boo level in Super
Mario 64.
It just it just broke my brain. I was
like, "Man,
there's there's like secrets in game."
That's that's when like the the rumors
in the secrets started popping up, you
know, on the schoolyard cuz someone
would be like, "Yo, you can wall jump up
the castle to get Yoshi early in Super
Mario 64." And I was like, "Holy fuck."
So, I spent like a whole day trying to
do it. I could never do it.
>> But it's like that's that's whenord the
whole ecosystem of
>> on the detective game I mentioned
previously. A demo should be coming out
for the first level to try out
mechanics.
>> The narrative script has been reviewed
by peers in Interpol and MI5 with some
hardcore additions.
>> Also, I'm currently in World Brands.
Would you like to suggest a madeup brand
of bottled beer?
>> Ooh.
Ooh.
Let's go with,
you know, I like alliteration. So, I'm
thinking, you know, first thing goes in
like
Yeasty Boys.
Yeasty Boys can go hard.
Maybe like uh
bottled cream battle buddy. What the
[__] is that? Bottled cream.
What the [__] dude? That's
I don't think that's going to sell very
well, man. As a beer. Bottled cream.
What the fudge? Um,
don't act like you don't know what that
is. I don't know what that is, man. I
have no idea what that is, bro.
Thinking about bottle cream, bro.
Barkeep, one bottle of your finest
bottled cream.
Let's go with uh let's go with uh
let's go. I mean, bro, I give you rights
to use Crimson Moonburst if you want. Um
we got to do something with the castle,
though. Like, I was thinking maybe
castle craft. Castle
What would be a be like something brew?
Something brew. Baby brew. No, no, no,
no, no. Um.
Uh, Castle Cream. Yeah, Castle Cream.
Yeah, go with Castle Cream, bro. Bradley
Brew. Yeah, Bradley's Brew. Bradley's
Brew would go hard.
Yeah, you can have Bradley's Brew.
All right, boys. Well, yo, Death Money.
Yeah, let us know when you have a demo.
I I would love to try it out. Feel free
to post it in the uh in the Discord. I'
I'd love to see it, boys.
Let's get the hell on out of here, guys.
I'll see you on Thursday.
My lords and ladies, let's go raiding
Miss Nan. Um and yeah, this Thursday,
guys, I'm going to be checking out
Armored Core
6. Dude, I'm nervous, guys. Go easy on
me, okay? Armored Core 6 this Thursday,
guys. Uh, I'm very excited. I'm nervous,
but uh, hey, I've been known to partake
in the From Soft game gaming industrial
complex. So, uh, I'm hyped. I'm [__]
hyped. We'll do that Thursday and then
we'll get back to the Nuzlocke Encanto
on Friday, guys. On Friday, guys, y'all
so much for coming by. Hope y'all
enjoyed the stream. Let's go say hi to
Miss Nan. We'll see you in the next one,
fellas. I got to go do my chores, man. I
got a busy day, guys. Appreciate y'all
coming by. Thanks for all the subs, the
bits. Thanks for chilling. Thanks for
lurking. Hope you guys enjoy Vampire
Crawlers. If you decide to check it out,
uh I wholeheartedly recommend it,
especially for the price, too. I think
if you have a Steam Deck and you got $8,
you would be crazy not to get this. Uh
it's fantastic. Definitely going to be
doing some more runs later tonight on
the old Steam Deck. Guys, enjoy the rest
of y'all's day and we'll see you on
Thursday, guys.
Peace.